The European Patent Judges' Symposium (French: Colloque des juges européens de brevets, German: Symposium europäischer Patentrichter) is a biennial symposium, with the claimed aim of providing a platform for national judges from legal systems with differing traditions to exchange experiences and to thereby promote mutual understanding in the development of European patent law.Along with the Standing Advisory Committee before the European Patent Office (SACEPO), a committee advising the European Patent Office (EPO) on patent law issues, and the European Round Table on Patent Practice (EUROTAB), the European Patent Judges' Symposium is one of the most significant and institutionalised forums of legal professionals created and sponsored by the EPO.


== List ==
1st, 19–22 October 1982, Munich, Germany 
2nd, 5–7 September 1984, Strasbourg, France 
3rd, 3–5 September 1986, Vienna, Austria 
4th, 7–9 September 1988, Lausanne-Dorigny, Switzerland 
5th, 12–14 September 1990, Turin, Italy 
6th, 8–11 September 1992, The Hague, Netherlands 
7th, 6–9 September 1994, Newport, United Kingdom 
8th, 17–20 September 1996, Stockholm, Sweden 
9th, 6–9 October 1998, Madrid, Spain - Official Journal of the EPO (OJ EPO) 1999, Special edition
10th, 19–23 September 2000, Mondorf-les-Bains, Luxembourg - OJ EPO 2001, Special edition (pdf)
11th, 17–20 September 2002, Copenhagen, Denmark - OJ EPO 2003, Special edition No. 2 (pdf)
12th, 22–24 September 2004, Brussels, Belgium  - OJ EPO, Special edition of the OJ EPO 2005 (pdf)
13th, 12–16 September 2006, Thessaloniki, Greece  - OJ EPO, Special edition 2/2007 (pdf)
14th, 16–20 September 2008, Bordeaux, France  - OJ EPO, Special edition 1/2009 (pdf)
15th, 15–17 September 2010, Lisbon, Portugal  - OJ EPO Special edition 1/2011 (pdf)


== References ==


== External links ==
European Patent Judges' Symposium at the European Patent Office (EPO)





The FA Cup 1971–72 is the 91st season of the world's oldest football knockout competition; The Football Association Challenge Cup, or FA Cup for short. The large number of clubs entering the tournament from lower down the English football league system meant that the competition started with a number of preliminary and qualifying rounds. The 30 victorious teams from the Fourth Round Qualifying progressed to the First Round Proper.


== Preliminary round ==


=== Ties ===


=== Replays ===


== 1st Qualifying Round ==


=== Ties ===


=== Replays ===


=== 2nd Replay ===


== 2nd Qualifying Round ==


=== Ties ===


=== Replays ===


=== 2nd Replays ===


== 3rd Qualifying Round ==


=== Ties ===


=== Replays ===


=== 2nd Replay ===


== 4th Qualifying Round ==


=== Ties ===


=== Replays ===


=== 2nd Replays ===


=== 3rd Replay ===


=== 4th Replay ===


=== 5th Replay ===


== 1971–72 FA Cup ==
See 1971-72 FA Cup for details of the rounds from the First Round Proper onwards.


== External links ==
Football Club History Database: FA Cup 1971–72
FA Cup Past Results





Artemisia Gentileschi or Artemisia Lomi (Italian pronunciation: [arteˈmiːzja dʒentiˈleski]; July 8, 1593 – c. 1656) was an Italian Baroque painter, today considered one of the most accomplished painters in the generation following that of Caravaggio. In an era when female painters were not easily accepted by the artistic community or patrons, she was the first woman to become a member of the Accademia di Arte del Disegno in Florence and had international clientele.She specialized in painting pictures of strong and suffering women from myths, allegories, and the Bible—victims, suicides, warriors. Some of her best known themes are Susanna and the Elders (particularly the 1610 version in Pommersfelden) and Judith Slaying Holofernes (most famous is her 1614–20 version in the Uffizi gallery) and Judith and Her Maidservant (her version of 1625 at the Detroit Institute of Arts).

She was known for being able to convincingly depict the female figure, anywhere between nude and fully clothed. Artemisia was also famous for her skill and talent in handling color, both overall in the composition but also in building depth.That she was a woman painting in the seventeenth century and that she was raped as a young woman by Agostino Tassi and participated in the prosecution of her rapist long overshadowed her achievements as an artist. For many years she was regarded as a curiosity. Today she is regarded as one of the most progressive and expressive painters of her generation.


== Biography ==


=== Early life ===

Artemisia Gentileschi was born Artemisia Gentileschi Lomi in Rome on July 8, 1593, although her birth certificate from the Archivio di Stato indicated she was born in 1590, the eldest child of the Tuscan painter Orazio Gentileschi and Prudenzia di Ottaviano Montoni. Artemisia was introduced to painting in her father's workshop, showing much more talent than her brothers, who worked alongside her. She learned drawing, how to mix color, and how to paint. "By 1612, when she was not yet nineteen years old, her father could boast of her extraordinary talents, claiming that in the profession of painting, which she had practiced for three years, she had no peer".Since her father's style took inspiration from Caravaggio during that period, her style was just as heavily influenced in turn. Her approach to subject matter was different from her father's, however, as her paintings are highly naturalistic, where Orazio's are idealized. At the same time, Artemisia had to resist the "traditional attitude and psychological submission to this brainwashing and jealousy of her obvious talent". By doing so, she gained great respect and recognition for her work.The first surviving work of the seventeen-year-old Artemisia was the Susanna and the Elders (1610, Schönborn collection in Pommersfelden). At the time some, influenced by the prevailing misconceptions, suspected that she was helped by her father. The painting shows how Artemisia assimilated the realism of Caravaggio without being indifferent to the language of Annibale Carracci and the Bologna school. It is one of the few paintings on the theme of Susanna showing the sexual accosting by the two Elders as a traumatic event.


=== Raped by Agostino Tassi ===
In 1611, her father was working with Agostino Tassi to decorate the vaults of Casino delle Muse inside the Palazzo Pallavicini-Rospigliosi in Rome, so Orazio hired the painter to tutor his daughter privately. During this tutelage, Tassi raped Artemisia. Another man, Cosimo Quorli, was also involved.

After the rape, Artemisia continued to have sexual relations with Tassi, with the expectation that they were going to be married and with the hope to restore her dignity and her future. Tassi reneged on his promise to marry Artemisia. Nine months after the rape, when he learnt that Artemisia and Tassi were not going to be married, Orazio pressed charges against Tassi. Orazio also claimed that Tassi stole a painting of Judith from the Gentileschi household. The major issue of this trial was the fact that Tassi had taken Artemisia's virginity. If Artemisia had not been a virgin before Tassi raped her, the Gentileschis would not have been able to press charges. During the ensuing seven-month trial, it was discovered that Tassi had planned to murder his wife, had engaged in adultery with his sister-in-law, and planned to steal some of Orazio's paintings. At the end of the trial Tassi was exiled from Rome, although they never carried out the sentence. Artemisia was tortured with thumbscrews at the trial, with the intention of verifying her testimony.Artemisia was surrounded mainly by males since the loss of her mother at age 12. When Artemisia was 17, Orazio rented the upstairs apartment of their home to a female tenant, Tuzia. Artemisia befriended Tuzia; however, Tuzia allowed Agostino Tassi and Cosimo Quorlis to accompany Artemisia in Artemisia's home on multiple occasions. The day the rape occurred, Artemisia cried for the help of Tuzia, but Tuzia simply ignored Artemisia and pretended she knew nothing of what happened. Artemisia felt betrayed by Tuzia, and Tuzia's role in facilitating the rape has been compared to the role of a procuress who is complicit in the sexual exploitation of a prostitute.The painting called Mother and Child is attributed to those early years. The baby has been interpreted as an indirect reference to Agostino Tassi, her rapist, as it dates to 1612, just 2 years after the rape. The painting appeared in a Swedish private collection during the 1960s. It depicts a strong and suffering woman and casts light on her anguish and expressive artistic capability.


=== Florentine period (1614–20) ===
A month after the trial, Orazio arranged for his daughter to marry Pierantonio Stiattesi, a modest artist from Florence. Shortly afterward the couple moved to Florence, where Artemisia received a commission for a painting at Casa Buonarroti. She became a successful court painter, enjoying the patronage of the House of Medici and Charles I of England. It has been proposed that during this period Artemisia also painted the Virgin and Child, now in the Palazzo Spada, Rome.

While in Florence, Artemisia and Pierantonio had a daughter around 1618, Prudentia, but who was also known as Palmira, which has led some scholars to conclude erroneously that Artemisia had two children, not one. Prudentia was named after Artemisia's mother, who died when Artemisia was 12. It is noteworthy that her daughter was a painter, trained by her mother, although nothing is known of her work.
In Florence, Artemisia appears to have enjoyed significant success. She was the first woman accepted into the Accademia delle Arti del Disegno (Academy of the Arts of Drawing). She maintained good relations with the most respected artists of her time, such as Cristofano Allori, and was able to garner the favors and the protection of influential people, starting with Cosimo II de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany and especially of the Grand Duchess, Christina of Lorraine. Her acquaintance with Galileo Galilei, evident from a letter she wrote to the scientist in 1635, appears to stem from her Florentine years.
She was esteemed by Michelangelo Buonarroti the younger (nephew of the great Michelangelo): busy with construction of Casa Buonarroti to celebrate his notable relative, he asked Artemisia—along with other Florentine artists, including Agostino Ciampelli, Sigismondo Coccapani, Giovan Battista Guidoni, and Zanobi Rosi—to contribute a painting for the ceiling. Each artist was commissioned to present an allegory of a virtue associated with Michelangelo, and Artemisia was assigned the Allegory of Inclination, presented in the form of a nude young woman holding a compass. It is believed that the subject bears a resemblance to Artemisia. Indeed, in several of her paintings, Artemisia's energetic heroines resemble her self-portraits.
In 2011, Francesco Solinas discovered of a collection of thirty-six letters, dating from about 1616 to 1620, that provide new insight into Gentileschi's personal and financial life in Florence. Most unexpectedly, they show that she had a passionate love affair with a wealthy Florentine nobleman named Francesco Maria Maringhi. Curiously, her husband, Stiattesi, was well aware of their relationship, and maintained a correspondence with Maringhi on the back of Artemisia's love letters. Nevertheless, he tolerated it, presumably because Maringhi was a powerful ally who provided the couple financial support. However, by 1620, rumors of the affair had begun to spread in the Florentine court, and this fact, combined with ongoing financial and legal problems, led them to resettle in Rome.
Notable works from this period include La Conversione della Maddalena (The Conversion of the Magdalene), Self-Portrait as a Lute Player (in the collection of the Wadsworth Atheneum Museum of Art) and Giuditta con la sua ancella (Judith and her Maidservant), now in the Palazzo Pitti. Artemisia painted a second version of Judith beheading Holofernes, which now is housed in the Uffizi Gallery of Florence. The first, smaller Judith Beheading Holofernes (1612–13) is displayed in the Museo di Capodimonte, Naples. Despite her success, financial excesses borne by her for her husband led to problems with creditors, and she fell out with her husband. She returned without him to Rome in 1621.


=== Return to Rome, Venetian period (1621–30) ===
Artemisia arrived in Rome the same year her father Orazio departed for Genoa. While there is not enough evidence for this, some believe that Artemisia followed her father to Genoa, asserting that this time together would have accentuated the similarity of their styles, making it often difficult to determine which of the two painted certain works. Most of the evidence, however, supports the notion that Artemisia remained in Rome, trying to find a home and raise her daughter.
Although the master had been dead over a decade, Caravaggio's style was still highly influential and converted many painters to following his style (the so-called Caravaggisti), such as Carlo Saraceni (who returned to Venice 1620), Bartolomeo Manfredi, and Simon Vouet.  She and Vouet would go on to have a professional relationship and would influence each other in terms of style and their learnings from Caravaggio's style. Painting styles in Rome during the early seventeenth century were diverse, however, demonstrating a more classic manner of the Bolognese disciples of the Carracci and the baroque style of Pietro da Cortona.
It appears that Artemisia also was associated with the Academy of the Desiosi. She was celebrated with a portrait carrying the inscription "Pincturare miraculum invidendum facilius quam imitandum" (To paint a wonder is more easily envied than imitated). During the same period she became associated with Cassiano dal Pozzo, a humanist and a collector and lover of arts, while the visiting French artist Pierre Dumonstier II produced a black and red chalk drawing of her right hand in 1625.Despite her artistic reputation, her strong personality, and her numerous good relationships, however, Rome was not so lucrative as she hoped. Her style, tone of defiance, and strength relaxed. She painted less intense works; for instance, her second version of Susanna and the Elders (1622). The appreciation of her art was narrowed down to portraits and to her ability with biblical heroines. She did not receive any of the lucrative commissions for altarpieces. The absence of sufficient documentation makes it difficult to follow Artemisia's movements in this period. It is certain that between 1627 and as late as 1630, she moved to Venice, perhaps in search of richer commissions. Evidence for this is that verses and letters were composed in appreciation of her and her works in Venice.
Although it is sometimes difficult to date her paintings, it is possible to assign certain works by her to these years, the Portrait of a Gonfaloniere, today in Bologna (a rare example of her capacity as portrait painter) and the Judith and her Maidservant today in the Detroit Institute of Arts. The Detroit painting is notable for her mastery of chiaroscuro and tenebrism (the effects of extreme lights and darks), techniques for which Gerrit van Honthorst, Trophime Bigot, and many others in Rome were famous. Her The Sleeping Venus, today in the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts, Richmond, and her Esther and Ahasuerus now in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, are testimony to her assimilation of the lessons of Venetian luminism.


=== Naples and the English period (1630–1654) ===

In 1630 Artemisia moved to Naples, a city rich with workshops and art lovers, in search of new and more lucrative job opportunities. The 18th-century biographer Bernardo de' Dominici speculated that Artemisia was already known in Naples before her arrival. She may have been invited to Naples by the Duke of Alcalá, Fernando Enriquez Afan de Ribera, who had three of her paintings: a Penitent Magdalene, Christ Blessing the Children, and David with a Harp. Many other artists, including Caravaggio, Annibale Carracci, and Simon Vouet had stayed in Naples for some time in their lives. At that time, Jusepe de Ribera, Massimo Stanzione, and Domenichino were working there, and later, Giovanni Lanfranco and many others would flock to the city. The Neapolitan debut of Artemisia is represented by the Annunciation in the Capodimonte Museum.  She remained in Naples for the remainder of her career with the exceptions of a brief trip to London and some other journeys.
On Saturday, March 18, 1634, the traveller Bullen Reymes records in his diary visiting Artemisia and Palmira ('who also paints') with a group of fellow-Englishmen. She had relations with many renowned artists, among them Massimo Stanzione, with whom, Bernardo de' Dominici reports, she started an artistic collaboration based on a real friendship and artistic similarities. Artemisia's work influenced Stanzione's use of colors as seen in his Assumption of the Virgin, c. 1630. De' Dominici states that "Stanzione learned how to compose an istoria from Domenichino, but learned his coloring from Artemisia".In Naples for the first time Artemisia started working on paintings in a cathedral, dedicated to San Gennaro nell'anfiteatro di Pozzuoli (Saint Januarius in the amphitheater of Pozzuoli) in Pozzuoli. During her first Neapolitan period she painted the Birth of Saint John the Baptist now in the Prado in Madrid, and Corisca e il satiro (Corisca and the satyr), in a private collection. In these paintings Artemisia again demonstrates her ability to adapt to the novelties of the period and handle different subjects, instead of the usual Judith, Susanna, Bathsheba, and Penitent Magdalenes, for which she already was known. Many of these paintings were collaborations; Bathsheba, for instance, was attributed to Artemisia, Codazzi, and Gargiulo.In 1638 Artemisia joined her father in London at the court of Charles I of England, where Orazio became court painter and received the important job of decorating a ceiling allegory of Triumph of Peace and the Arts in the Queen's House, Greenwich built for Queen Henrietta Maria. Father and daughter were working together once again, although helping her father probably was not her only reason for travelling to London: Charles I had invited her to his court, and it was not possible to refuse. Charles I was an enthusiastic collector, willing to incur criticism for his spending on art. The fame of Artemisia probably intrigued him, and it is not a coincidence that his collection included a painting of great suggestion, the Self-Portrait as the Allegory of Painting, which is the lead image of this article.
Orazio died suddenly in 1639. Artemisia had her own commissions to fulfill after her father's death, although there are no known works assignable with certainty to this period. It is known that Artemisia had already left England by 1642, when the English Civil War was just starting. Nothing much is known about her subsequent movements. Historians know that in 1649 she was in Naples again, corresponding with Don Antonio Ruffo of Sicily, who became her mentor during this second Neapolitan period. The last known letter to her mentor is dated 1650 and makes clear that she still was fully active.

As Artemisia grew older, her work became more graceful and "feminine," and while this was to some extent part of the general shift in taste and sensibility, it must also have resulted from the artist becoming more and more self-consciously a woman painter.Artemisia was once thought to have died in 1652/1653; however, recent evidence has shown that she was still accepting commissions in 1654, although she was increasingly dependent upon her assistant, Onofrio Palumbo.Some have speculated that she died in the devastating plague that swept Naples in 1656 and virtually wiped out an entire generation of Neapolitan artists.
Some works in this period are the Susanna and the Elders today in Brno,  the Virgin and Child with a Rosary today in El Escorial, the David and Bathsheba today in Columbus, Ohio, and the Bathsheba today in Leipzig.


== Artistic importance ==

The research paper "Gentileschi, padre e figlia" (1916) by Roberto Longhi, an important Italian critic, described Artemisia as "the only woman in Italy who ever knew about painting, coloring, drawing, and other fundamentals". Longhi also wrote of Judith Slaying Holofernes: "There are about fifty-seven works by Artemisia Gentileschi and 94% (forty-nine works) feature women as protagonists or equal to men". These include her works of Jael and Sisera, Judith and her Maidservant, and Esther. These characters intentionally lacked the stereotypical "feminine" traits—sensitivity, timidness, and weakness—and were courageous, rebellious, and powerful personalities; such subjects are now grouped as the Power of Women. A nineteenth-century critic commented on Artemisia's Magdalene stating, "no one would have imagined that it was the work of a woman. The brush work was bold and certain, and there was no sign of timidness". In Ward Bissell's view, she was well aware of how women and female artists were viewed by men, explaining why her works in the beginning of her career were so bold and defiant.Longhi wrote: "Who could think in fact that over a sheet so candid, a so brutal and terrible massacre could happen [...] but—it's natural to say—this is a terrible woman! A woman painted all this? ... there's nothing sadistic here, instead what strikes the most is the impassibility of the painter, who was even able to notice how the blood, spurting with violence, can decorate with two drops the central spurt! Incredible I tell you! And also please give Mrs. Schiattesi—the conjugal name of Artemisia—the chance to choose the hilt of the sword! At last don't you think that the only aim of Giuditta is to move away to avoid the blood which could stain her dress? We think anyway that that is a dress of Casa Gentileschi, the finest wardrobe in the Europe during 1600, after Van Dyck."

Feminist studies increased the interest in Artemisia Gentileschi, underlining her rape and subsequent mistreatment, and the expressive strength of her paintings of biblical heroines, in which the women are interpreted as willing to manifest their rebellion against their condition. In a research paper from the catalogue of the exhibition "Orazio e Artemisia Gentileschi" which took place in Rome in 2001 (and after in New York), Judith W. Mann critiques feminist opinion of Artemisia, finding that old stereotypes of Artemisia as sexually immoral have been replaced by new stereotypes established in feminist readings of Artemisia's paintings:

Without denying that sex and gender can offer valid interpretive strategies for the investigation of Artemisia's art, we may wonder whether the application of gendered readings has created too narrow an expectation. Underpinning Garrard's monograph, and reiterated in a limited way by R. Ward Bissell in his catalogue raisonné, are certain presumptions: that Artemisia's full creative power emerged only in the depiction of strong, assertive women, that she would not engage in conventional religious imagery such as the Madonna and Child or a Virgin who responds with submission to the Annunciation, and that she refused to yield her personal interpretation to suit the tastes of her presumable male clientele. This stereotype has had the doubly restricting effect of causing scholars to question the attribution of pictures that do not conform to the model, and to value less highly those that do not fit the mold.Because Artemisia returned again and again to violent subject matter such as Judith and Holofernes, a repressed-vengeance theory has been postulated. Some art historians suggest, however, that she was shrewdly taking advantage of her fame from the rape trial to cater to a niche market in sexually charged, female-dominant art for male patrons.The most recent critics, starting from the difficult reconstruction of the entire catalogue of the Gentileschi, tried to give a less reductive reading of the career of Artemisia, placing it more accurately in the context of the different artistic environments in which the painter actively participated. A reading such as this restores Artemisia as an artist who fought with determination—using the weapon of personality and of the artistic qualities—against the prejudices expressed against women painters; being able to introduce herself productively in the circle of the most respected painters of her time, embracing a series of pictorial genres that probably were more ample and varied than her paintings suggest.


== Feminist interest ==

Feminist interest in Artemisia Gentileschi was sparked in the 1970s when the feminist art historian Linda Nochlin published an article titled "Why Have There Been No Great Women Artists?" in which that question was dissected and analyzed. The article explored the definition of "great artists" and posited that oppressive institutions, not lack of talent, have prevented women from achieving the same level of recognition that men received in art and other fields. Nochlin said that studies on Artemisia and other female artists were "worth the effort" in "adding to our knowledge of women's achievement and of art history generally." According to the foreword by Douglas Druick in Eve Straussman-Pflanzer's Violence & Virtue: Artemisia’s Judith Slaying Holofernes, Nochlin's article prompted scholars to make more of an attempt to "integrate women artists into the history of art and culture."Artemisia and her oeuvre became a focus again, having had little attention in art history scholarship save Roberto Longhi’s article "Gentileschi padre e figlia (Gentileschi, father and daughter)" in 1916 and R. Ward Bissell's article "Artemisia Gentileschi—A New Documented Chronology" in 1968. As Artemisia and her work began to garner new attention among feminists and art historians, more literature about her, fictional and biographical, was published. A fictional account of her life by Anna Banti, wife of critic Roberto Longhi, was published in 1947. This account was received well by literary critics but was criticized by feminists, notably Laura Benedetti, for being lenient in historical accuracy in order to draw parallels between author and artist. The first full, factual account of Artemisia's life, The Image of the Female Hero in Italian Baroque Art, was published in 1989 by Mary Garrard, a feminist art historian. She then published a second, smaller book titled Artemisia Gentileschi around 1622: The Shaping and Reshaping of an Artistic Identity in 2001 which explored the artist's work and identity. Garrard noted that analysis of Artemisia's oeuvre lacks focus and stable categorization outside of "woman", though Garrard questions whether femaleness is a legitimate category by which to judge her art at all.Artemisia is known for her portrayals of subjects from the Power of Women group, for example her versions of Judith Slaying Holofernes. She is also known for the rape trial in which she was involved, which scholar Griselda Pollock has argued had unfortunately become the repeated "axis of interpretation of the artist’s work". Gentileschi's status in popular culture, though she is much admired by among art historians, is deemed by Pollock to be less due to her work and more to the sensationalism caused by the persistent focus on the rape trial during which she was tortured. Pollock offers a counter reading of the artist's dramatic narrative paintings, refusing to see the Judith and Holofernes images as responses to rape and the trial. Instead, Pollock points out that the subject of Judith and Holoferenes is not a revenge theme, but a story of political courage and indeed collaboration by two women committing a daring political murder in a war situation. Pollock seeks to shift attention from sensationalism towards deeper analysis of Gentileschi's paintings, notably of death and loss, suggesting the significance of her childhood bereavement as a source of her singular images of the dying Cleopatra. Pollock also argues that Gentileschi's success in the seventeenth century depended on her producing paintings for patrons often portraying subjects they selected. She aims to place Gentileschi's career in its historical context of taste for dramatic narratives of heroines from the Bible or classical sources   In a more negative vein, American professor Camille Paglia has argued that modern feminist preoccupation with Artemisia is misguided and that her accomplishments have been overstated: "Artemisia Gentileschi was simply a polished, competent painter in a Baroque style created by men." Feminist literature tends to revolve around the event of Artemisia's rape, largely portraying her as a traumatized but noble survivor whose work became characterized by sex and violence as a result of her experience. Pollock (2006) interpreted the film by Agnes Merlet as a typical example of the inability of popular culture to look at the painter's remarkable career over many decades and in many major centres of art rather than this one episode. A literature review by Laura Benedetti, "Reconstructing Artemisia: Twentieth Century Images of a Woman Artist", concluded that Artemisia's work is often interpreted according to the contemporary issues and personal biases of the authors. Feminist scholars, for example, have elevated Artemisia to the status of feminist icon, which Benedetti attributed to Artemisia's paintings of formidable women and her success as an artist in a male-dominated field while also being a single mother. Elena Ciletti, author of Gran Macchina a Bellezza, wrote that "The stakes are very high in Artemisia’s case, especially for feminists, because we have invested in her so much of our quest for justice for women, historically and currently, intellectually and politically."The symbolism here is that, Gentileschi wanted to prove was that not all women would be just submissive back then, and that she wanted to take a stand against this. This perfect example of symbolism is in the painting of Gentileschi's "Corsica and The Satyr ". The painting was made from 1630-1635. The painting itself was considered more of Caravaggio inspired. As seen from the somewhat dark theme of the painting. As In the picture is a nymph seeming to be running away from a satyr with a possible unbearable libido. The satyr appears to have grabbed her by her hair, but turned out to be just a wig. It was clear that Gentileschi had depicted the nymph to be quite clever.  The painting itself has some inspiration of Greek Mythology, as seen in the painting of the satyr that comes from Greek origins.


== Contemporary female painters ==

For a woman at the beginning of the seventeenth century, Artemisia being a painter represented an uncommon and difficult choice, but not an exceptional one. Scholars have argued that Artemisia was at least partially aware of "her position as a female artist and the current representations of women's relationship to art". This is evident in her allegorical self portrait, Self Portrait as La Pittura, which shows Artemisia as a muse, "symbolic embodiment of the art" and as a professional artist.  Before Artemisia, between the end of the 1500 and the beginning of 1600, other women painters had successful careers, including Sofonisba Anguissola (born in Cremona around 1530, Palermo around 1625), was called into Spain by King Philip II and Lavinia Fontana (Bologna, 1552, Rome 1614) departed for Rome by invitation of Pope Clement VIII. Later Fede Galizia (Milano or Trento, 1578, Milano 1630) painted still lifes and a Judith with the head of Holofernes.
With this article, this talks about another female artist along with Artemisia, by the name Elisabetta Sirani. While reading this article, I’ve seen both paintings from both artists; they have a similar kind of style. As far I was reading the article, Gentileschi and Sirani never  Sirani’s painting, “Allergory Painting of Clio”, it shares a common color scheme with Artemisia. Elisabetta had a short popularity in the Renaissance, but she was recognized.
Other women painters began their career while Artemisia was alive. Judged on their artistic merits, Longhi's statement that Artemisia was "the only woman in Italy who ever knew about painting" is clearly false, and there is no doubt that Artemisia continues to be among the most highly regarded of women artists, and she has attained her place among the great artists of the Baroque.


== In popular culture ==
The first writer who produced a novel around the figure of Artemisia might be George Eliot in Romola (1862–63), where some aspects of Gentileschi's story, while set in Florence in Gentileschi's time, are recognizable, but much embroidered. A later and clearer use of Gentileschi's story is by Anna Banti, wife of Roberto Longhi. Her first draft of the manuscript, dated 1944, was lost during the war. Three years later she started again with the book, to be entitled Artemisia, writing in a much different form. Banti's book is written in an "open diary" form, in which she maintains a dialogue with Artemisia, trying to understand why she finds her so fascinating.
Gentileschi is one of the women represented in The Dinner Party, an installation artwork by Judy Chicago that was first exhibited in 1979.
Artemisia, and more specifically her painting Judith Beheading Holofernes, are referred to in Wendy Wasserstein's 1988 play, The Heidi Chronicles, where the main character, Heidi, lectures about it as part of her art history course on female painters. At the end of the play, Heidi adopts a daughter she names Judy, which is at least a partial reference to the painting. Canadian playwright Sally Clark wrote several stage plays based on the events leading up to and following the rape of Artemisia. Life Without Instruction was commissioned by Nightwood Theatre in 1988, and was developed during an Ontario Arts Council Playwright's Residency in 1989. It was workshopped in 1990 under the direction of Kate Lushington and dramaturged by Jackie Maxwell. Life Without Instruction premiered at Theatre Plus Toronto on August 2, 1991.
Gentileschi's life and the Judith Slaying Holofernes painting played a pivotal role in the 1997 miniseries Painted Lady, starring Helen Mirren.The film Artemisia (1997), by Agnès Merlet, tells the story of Artemisia's entry into being a professional artist, her relationship with Tassi, and the trial. Merlet exonerates Tassi of rape, not only by depicting their sex as loving and consensual (which sparked controversy upon the film's release), but also by two ahistorical fabrications: Artemisia denies the rape under torture, while Tassi falsely confesses to rape to Artemisia's torment.
In 2002, Susan Vreeland published The Passion of Artemisia, a biographical novel based on her life.She appears in Eric Flint's Ring of Fire alternate history, being mentioned in 1634: The Galileo Affair (2004) and figuring prominently in 1635: The Dreeson Incident (2008).
The 2016 novel Maestra by L.S. Hilton has Artemisia as a central reference for the main character, and several of her paintings are commented on.
The 2016 novel Salem's Cipher by Jess Lourey, used the painting Judith Beheading Holofernes to send a clue.
A 2018 episode of the British TV crime series Endeavour depicts a series of murders inspired by Gentileschi's biblical paintings of women taking vengeance on the men who harmed or abused them.


== Selected works ==

		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		


== See also ==
 Artemisia Gentileschi portal
List of works by Artemisia Gentileschi


== References ==
Citations

Bibliography


== Further reading ==
For a full list, see the Bibliography on Artemisia Gentileschi.

Barker, Sheila (December 2014). "A new document concerning Artemisia Gentileschi's marriage". The Burlington Magazine. Vol. 156 no. 1341. pp. 803–804.
Christiansen, Keith (2004). "Becoming Artemisia: Afterthoughts on the Gentileschi Exhibition". Metropolitan Museum Journal. 39: 101–126.
Christiansen, Keith; Mann, Judith W. (2001). "Orazio and Artemisia Gentileschi". New Haven and London: Exh. cat., Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Contini, Roberto; Solinas, Francesco (2011). Artemisia Gentileschi: storia di una passione (in Italian). Palazzo reale di Milano, Milano: 24 ore cultura.
Contini, Roberto; Solinas, Francesco (2013). Artemisia: la musa Clio e gli anni napoletani (in Italian). Roma, De Luca: Blu palazzo d'arte e cultura (Pisa).
Garrard, Mary D. (2001). Artemisia Gentileschi around 1622: The Shaping and Reshaping of an Artistic Identity. University of California Press. ISBN 978-0520228412.
Garrard, Mary D. (1991). Artemisia Gentileschi. Princeton University Press.
Greer, Germaine (1979). The Obstacle Race: The Fortunes of Women Painters and Their Work. London: Martin Secker and Warburg.
Lapierre, Alexandra (2001). Artemisia: The Story of a Battle for Greatness. Vintage. ISBN 0-09-928939-3.
Locker, Jesse M. (2015). Artemisia Gentileschi: The Language of Painting. New Haven, Yale University Press. ISBN 9780300185119.
Lutz, Dagmar (2011). Artemisia Gentileschi: Leben und Werk (in German). Belser, Stuttgart, Germany. ISBN 978-3-7630-2586-2.
Judith Mann, ed. (2006). Artemisia Gentileschi: Taking Stock. Brepols Publishers. ISBN 978-2503515076.
Rabb, Theodore K. (1993). Renaissance Lives: Portraits of an Age. New York: Pantheon Books.
Shulman, Ken (1 September 1991). "A Painter of Heroic Women In a Brawling, Violent World: Heroic Women in a Violent, Brawling World". New York Times. p. H23.
Solinas, Francesco; Nicolaci, Michele; Primarosa, Yuri (2011). Lettere di Artemisia: edizione critica e annotata con quarantatre documenti inediti (in Italian). Roma, De Luca.
Straussman-Pflanzer, Eve (2013). Violence & virtue: Artemisia Gentileschi's Judith slaying Holofernes. Chicago: The Art Institute of Chicago.
Vreeland, Susan (2002). "The Passion of Artemisia". Headline Review. ISBN 0-7472-6533-X.
Zarucchi, Jeanne Morgan (1998). "The Gentileschi Danaë: A Narrative of Rape." Woman's Art Journal, Vol. 19, No. 2, 192-203.


== External links ==
The Life and Art of Artemisia Gentileschi
Artemisia, The Rape and the Trial
Paintings by Gentileschi
Brooklyn Museum Artemisia Gentileschi
Art History Archive Baroque Artemia Gentileschi
Violence and Virtue: Artemisia Gentileschi’s “Judith Slaying Holofernes”
Artemisia Gentileschi Biography
10 Facts You May Not Know About Artemisia Gentileschi





Corvara (Italian: Corvara in Badia [korˈvaːra im ˈbadiːa]; German: Corvara or Kurfar) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) east of Bolzano.


== Geography ==
As of 30 November 2010, it had a population of 1,340 and an area of 42.2 square kilometres (16.3 sq mi).Corvara borders the following municipalities: Badia, Canazei, Livinallongo del Col di Lana, San Martin de Tor, and Sëlva.
Corvara is the main center of Alta Badia, a prestigious tourist area located at the top end of the Val Badia, surrounded by the peaks of the Dolomites mountains. Because of its geographic position in the heart of the Dolomites, Alta Badia gradually transformed itself into an avantgarde tourist area keeping intact its alpine character.


=== Frazioni ===
The municipality of Corvara contains the frazioni Calfosch (Italian: Colfosco, German: Kolfuschg) and Pescosta.


== History ==


=== Coat-of-arms ===
The emblem represents three vert mountains, dominated by three gules peaks with the inclined top on an argent background. The three peaks represent the Sassongher mountain overlooking the village. The emblem was granted in 1969.


== Society ==


=== Demographic evolution ===


=== Linguistic distribution ===
According to the 2011 census, 89.70% of the population speak Ladin, 6.84% Italian and 3.46% German as first language.


== Sport ==


=== Maratona dles Dolomites ===

The finish of the annual single-day seven mountain passes crossing Maratona dles Dolomites bicycle race is in Corvara.


== See also ==
Alta Badia
Dolomites


== References ==


== External links ==
Alta Badia Touristic Information Media related to Corvara, South Tyrol at Wikimedia Commons





Stanhope Templeman Speer (20 October 1823 – 9 February 1889) was a British physician and mountain climber.
Speer worked at Brompton Hospital in London and specialized in treating chest diseases. He has been described as the first physician to describe mountain sickness in a medical journal.In 1844 he was the first man to climb the Mittelhorn, the highest summit of the Wetterhorn in Switzerland.Speer was a spiritualist and friend of the medium William Stainton Moses. In the 1870s, Moses resided with Speer and his wife and tutored their son. Speer was an early member of The Ghost Club and the Society for Psychical Research. He was a member of the British National Association of Spiritualists.His son Charlton Templeman Speer who became a famous composer, was also a spiritualist.


== References ==





The Voice Kids is a Dutch talent-search television program produced by Talpa Productions and is broadcast on RTL 4. It is based on The Voice of Holland. Participation is only open to children between the ages of eight and fourteen years.  Following the success of the program in the Netherlands, the concept was marketed worldwide.


== Format ==
The show consists of four phases: production audition, blind audition, "The Battles" and the final. The production auditions are not televised and only the good singers are selected. Like in Idols, Popstars, and The X Factor, they then audition for the judges, but in The Voice Kids, they do a blind audition, which is similar to the theatre rounds in the previously mentioned talent shows. During the blind auditions, the coaches choose singers based on musicality and voice. Each candidate will have the opportunity to sing a song of their choice for about a minute. If one of the coaches decides to place the artist in his or her team, he or she must press the "I Want You" button. When two or more coaches want the same artist on their team, the artist may choose which coach he or she wants to go with.
When all the teams are full, the artists go to the next round with their coaches. These are "The Battles". Each coach groups three singers together to battle against each other together to sing a song chosen by the coach. The coach can only choose one singer from each battle. Whoever it is, decides the "Dream Team" in addition to the coach consists of one person. The act that goes directly go to the "Sing Off". Each team will have five acts in the Sing Off. All artists must sing the song from their blind audition. In each team, only two acts will be chosen to go to the finals.
After the Sing Offs, there are six finalists (seasons 1-6; eight in season 7). They sing in consultation with their coach. The audience at home can then vote on which act has to go home. The coaches decide together with the audience at home which act is eliminated; they each have half of the votes.
In the final stage, there's still one finalist per team. The winner will be named using televoting by the public at home to "The Voice Kids".


== Coaches and hosts ==
The judges/ coaches Marco Borsato, Nick & Simon and Angela Groothuizen were announced in 2011. Roel van Velzen could not participate in the jury because he would become a father during the shooting period. Angela Groothuizen was appointed by John de Mol to also participate in the jury during the second season. The host from the adult version, Martijn Krabbé and Wendy van Dijk, also appointed as host in the kid's version.
On April 17, 2015, Nick & Simon confirmed at RTL Late Night that they would quit The Voice Kids because they had many other projects which receive priority. From season 5, Nick & Simon and Angela Groothuizen were replaced by coaches from the adult show, Ilse DeLange and Ali B.
On the seventh season of the show, for the first time in the show's history, The Voice Kids would have its fourth coach. Douwe Bob would serve as the fourth coach on the seventh season.. However, Douwe Bob would be replaced by Anouk in the eighth season.
Coaches gallery
		
		
		
		
		
		
		


=== Timeline of coaches and hosts ===


== Coaches and finalists ==

Winners are in bold, eliminated artists in smaller font. Final contestants listed first.     


== Season summary ==


== References ==





Clones is the 11th book in the Galaxy of Fear series by John Whitman set in the Star Wars galaxy shortly after Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope.


== Trivia ==
Cloning is first indicated when Tash sees the same person walk by twice.
The book is especially notable for the fight between Darth Vader and his clearly insane clone.
The book also alerts readers to the goings on in wild space, on two separate but varied worlds called Weik and Odessen.


== External links ==
Official CargoBay Listing





Pennsylvania firsts is a list of firsts in the colony and Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and in the city of Philadelphia.


== Firsts ==


=== 17th Century ===
1688 — First public protest of slavery in America, Germantown, (now part of Philadelphia)


=== 18th Century ===
1731 — First subscription library, Library Company of Philadelphia, founded by Benjamin Franklin
1732 — First social club in the English-speaking world, the Schuylkill Fishing Company of the State in Schuylkill, Philadelphia
1743 — First institution devoted to science, the American Philosophical Society, Philadelphia
1748 — First dancing organization in America, the Philadelphia Dancing Assemblies
1748 — First Lutheran church body in North America, the Pennsylvania Ministerium
1751 — First hospital in America, the Pennsylvania Hospital
1754 — First (and only) surrender by George Washington, Fort Necessity
1755 — Continental Marines founded, Tun Tavern, Philadelphia; now known as U.S. Marine Corps
1762 — First lectures on anatomy in North America, Dr. William Shippen, Philadelphia
1765 — First medical school, Penn's Medical School (now The University of Pennsylvania), which made Penn the first educational institution to become a university in the United States, Philadelphia
1766 — First organized hunting club in America, the Gloucester Fox Hunting Club near Philadelphia
1774 — First continuously serving unit in the United States military, the First Troop Philadelphia City Cavalry
1777 — First United States Capital, Philadelphia. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania was the first capital under the First Continental Congress from September 5, 1774 to October 24, 1774. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania was the first capital under the Articles of Confederation from March 1, 1781 to June 21, 1783
1780 — First abolition law, while the state capital was in Philadelphia
1784 — First successful daily newspaper, The Pennsylvania Packet and Daily Advertiser, Philadelphia
1786 — First vessel ever moved by steam, Delaware River at Philadelphia, by John Fitch
1790 — First stock exchange in America, Philadelphia
1792 — First United States Mint, Philadelphia
1794 — First African Methodist Episcopal church, Mother Bethel A.M.E. Church, Philadelphia
1795 — First turnpike in the United States, Philadelphia and Lancaster Turnpike
1796 — First suspension bridge, Uniontown by James Finley


=== 19th Century ===
1805 — First art institution in America, the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, Philadelphia
1805 — First covered bridge in America, the Market Street Bridge (a.k.a. "the Permanent Bridge"), Philadelphia
1809 — First theater in America, the Walnut Street Theatre, Philadelphia
1816 — First wire cable suspension bridge, near Philadelphia, by Josiah White and Erskine Hazard
1821 — First Pharmacy school, Philadelphia College of Pharmacy (now part of the University of the Sciences in Philadelphia)
1845 — First T-rail rolled in United States, Danville
1848 — First and only visual arts college for women in the United States, Moore College of Art & Design, Philadelphia
1856 — First national convention for the Republican Party, Musical Fund Hall, Philadelphia
1859 — First grand opera house in the United States still used for its original purpose, the Academy of Music, Philadelphia
1859 — First  successful oil well, Titusville (Edwin L. Drake)
1861 — First pretzel factory, Julius Sturgis, Lititz
1862 — First Civil War battle north of the Mason–Dixon line, Hanover, J.E.B. Stuart vs. George Armstrong Custer
1866 — First mill in the United States dedicated exclusively to the process of making steel, Steelton Plant, near Harrisburg
1873 — First Roller Coaster, Jim Thorpe
1874 — First zoo, Philadelphia (chartered in 1859)
1876 — First World's Fair in the United States, the Centennial Exposition, Philadelphia
1877 — First department store opened, Wanamaker's, Philadelphia
1879 — First non-reservation school for Native Americans, Carlisle, Carlisle Indian School
1881 — First community illuminated by electricity, Philipsburg
1881 — First business school in the United States, the Wharton School
1883 — First successful three-wire electric lighting system, Sunbury
1884 — First taxi service, Philadelphia; First Ukrainian Greek Catholic church in the Western Hemisphere, Shenandoah.


=== 20th Century ===
1901 — First escalator in US, Philadelphia
1903 — First World Series, Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh Pirates vs Boston Red Sox
1913 — First coast-to-coast highway, Lincoln Highway
1919 — First Thanksgiving Day Parade, Philadelphia
1920 — First commercial radio station, KDKA (AM) (Pittsburgh)
1922 — First municipal airport, Clarion, Parker D. Cramer airfield
1924 — First woman to serve as Speaker of a State House of Representatives, Alice M. Bentley
1932 — First totally air conditioned building, Philadelphia, PSFS Building
1933 — First American-born bishop of the Eastern Orthodox Church, September 10, 1933, consecration of Benjamin (Basalyga) of Olyphant
1933 — First baseball stadium built for a Black team, Pittsburgh, Greenlee Stadium
1933 — First African-American woman to be elected a State Legislator, Crystal Bird Fauset
1939 — First Little League Baseball Game on June 6, Williamsport, PA.
1946 — First large-scale, electronic, digital computer capable of being reprogrammed to solve a full range of computing problems, ENIAC, at The University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia
1947 — First Little League World Series Williamsport, PA.
1948 — First cable television system, Mahanoy City
1952 — First indoor zoo - National Aviary, Pittsburgh
1957 — First American commercial nuclear generator, Shippingport Atomic Power Station
1970 — First African American female Secretary of State, Dr. C. DeLores Tucker, appointed under Gov. Milton Shapp
1974 — First successful siamese twin separation, Philadelphia, Clara and Altagracia Rodriguez, at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia
1977 — First African-American to serve as speaker of a state House of Representatives, K. Leroy Irvis of Pittsburgh
1976 — First automotive bridge to be named for a woman, Betsy Ross Bridge, Philadelphia
1976 — First museum for young children, The "Please Touch Museum for Children" in Philadelphia
1999 — First license plate with a web site address 


=== 21st Century ===
2003 — First Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, January 24, 2003, Tom Ridge
2003 — First Puerto Rican Secretary of State in the United States, outside of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, April 2, 2003, Pedro A. Cortés
2003 — First confirmed Latino Cabinet member, April 2, 2003, Pedro A. Cortés
2007 — First picketing by the UMWA against any PA mine safety agency occurred in Uniontown, PA on September 14, 2007 against the PA Bureau of Mine Safety over a safety issue at the Cumberland Mine. Connelsville Daily Courier


== References ==





David Aloua (born 24 April 1987, Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand professional cruiserweight boxer.
Aloua is a credential boxer that has won over ten fights, won five professional titles and has peaked in the top 15 in the WBO, WBA, IBO, Boxrec and in the top 40 of the WBC. Aloua represented New Zealand in the 2010 Commonwealth Games.


== Aloua vs Pitt ==
Aloua got the biggest win in his career when he fought Brad Pitt for the WBA Pan African, WBO Asia Pacific and WBC OPBF Cruiserweight titles. Aloua won the fight by knockout in the fourth round.


== Aloua vs McCracken ==
Aloua and Anthony McCracken have fought professionally against each other on two occasions. The first time was in April 2012, for the vacant World Professional Boxing Federation Asia Pacific cruiserweight title. Aloua won the bout by split decision. The second time was in November 2014, for the WBO Asia Pacific, WBC OPBF and WBA Pan African cruiserweight title. McCracken won the bout by Technical Knockout in the seventh round. After the second bout, Alouas team announce that there will be a third bout eventually, however nothing has come from it since then.


== Amateur boxing titles ==
2009 New Zealand Boxing Amateur Championship 91 kg
2010 New Zealand Boxing Amateur Championship 91 kg
Bronze Medal Commonwealth Amateur Boxing Championship 91 kg


== Professional boxing titles ==
Universal Boxing Organization
UBO International cruiserweight title (2011)
World Professional Boxing Federation
WPBF Asia Pacific cruiserweight title (2012)
World Boxing Organisation
WBO Asia Pacific cruiserweight title (2014)
World Boxing Council
Oriental and Pacific Boxing Federation cruiserweight title (2014)
World Boxing Association
WBA Pan African cruiserweight title (2014)


== Professional boxing record ==


== References ==





Kanva Reservoir is an artificial lake and tourist attraction 69 kilometres (43 mi) from Bangalore, India, formed by the damming of the Kanva River in an irrigation project.
There is a fisheries training and research center near the dam, which was established to train the local residents in fish farming so that they could become economically independent.The reservoir is surrounded by wooded hills and offers good birdwatching.The cave temple of Purushotthama Thirtha Gavi 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) away is a pilgrimage center for Madhwa Brahmins. A statue of Hanuman has been placed inside the cave.


== Kanva Dam ==
Kanva Dam was built in 1946 across the Kanva River for irrigation. It is 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) long and covers 776 hectares (1,920 acres).


== References ==


== External links ==
 Media related to Kanva dam at Wikimedia Commons
Photos and Directions: A Campers paradise
Photo blog





Sheldon Oliensis (March 19, 1922 – May 14, 2001) was a New York City lawyer, a president of the Legal Aid Society, and a president of the New York City Bar Association.


== Early life and education ==
Sheldon Oliensis was born in Philadelphia on March 19, 1922. He attended the University of Pennsylvania and Harvard Law School, where he was president of the Harvard Law Review.


== Career ==
After a period of practice with another firm, Oliensis joined Kaye Scholer in 1960 as a litigation partner.
In addition to his private practice, Oliensis was highly involved in public service. He was a longtime member of the New York City Bar Association, where he chaired a number of committees, including the Grievance Committee, the Executive Committee and the Committee on Access to Legal Services. He served a president of the Bar from 1988 to 1990, and he was instrumental in establishing Volunteers of Legal Service (VOLS), the Bar's pro bono legal service organization.
He was also a president of the Legal Aid Society from 1973 to 1975, was chair of the New York City Conflict of Interest Board, a director of the Fund for Modern Courts, and a director of the East Harlem Tutorial Program.


== Death ==
Sheldon Oliensis died of cancer at his home in Manhattan on May 14, 2001. He was 79 years old.


== Sources ==
Morris, Jeffrey B. "Making Sure We are True to Our Founders": The Association of the Bar of the City of New York, 1980-1995. New York, NY: Fordham University Press, 1997. ISBN 0-8232-1738-8
“Sheldon Oliensis, Former Bar Association Head; 79.” The New York Times. May 15, 2001.





Phang Nga Province Stadium (Thai: สนามกีฬาจังหวัดจังหวัดพังงา หรือ สนาม อบจ.พังงา หรือ สนามเทศบาลเมืองพังงา) is a multi-purpose stadium in Phang Nga, Phang Nga Province, Thailand.  It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Phang Nga F.C.  The stadium holds 3,000 people.





Lenox Park is a neighborhood of homes and office buildings located primarily within the city of Brookhaven, Georgia, just east of the northern border of the city of Atlanta. 


== Location ==
Lenox Park is located in the "Y" formed by Roxboro Road on the west and North Druid Hills Road on the east. The westernmost portion is located in the Pine Hills neighborhood of Atlanta's Buckhead district. The Brookhaven Heights neighborhood borders Lenox Park on the north.


== Park and homes ==
The actual park for which the neighborhood is named is a 22-acre greenspace now known as Central Park. In 2000, the population of Lenox Park, excluding the small portion in Fulton County, was 1,727.


== Office buildings and transportation ==
Most of the office space in Lenox Park is used by AT&T Mobility and other departments of AT&T. Public transportation is provided through a frequent BUC (Buckhead Uptown Connection) shuttle to the Lenox MARTA station during business hours.
The park offers recreational trails. However, it lacks a directly walkable option for residents to the nearby Brookhaven Peachtree road corridor that has numerous stores and MARTA station.


== History ==
The Standard Club, a Jewish country club, opened on what is now Lenox Park in 1940 and was located there until 1983, when it moved to Johns Creek.


== References ==


== External links ==
Lenox Park Homeowners' Association


== See also ==

Brookhaven, Georgia





Michał Masłowski (born 19 December 1989) is a Polish professional footballer (soccer) who plays as a midfielder for Gorica.
On 18 January 2014 he made his debut for Poland national football team in a friendly match against Norway.  On 20 October 2014, he scored the game-winning goal against GKS Belchatow.


== Career statistics ==


=== Club ===
As of 16 January 2018.1 Including Polish SuperCup.


== Honours ==
Zawisza BydgoszczPolish Cup: 2013–14Legia WarsawEkstraklasa: 2015–16
Polish Cup (2): 2014–15, 2015–16


== References ==


== External links ==
Michał Masłowski at 90minut.pl (in Polish)





Dehang (Persian: دهنگ‎; also known as Dahūn, Deh-e Hong, Deh Hang, Deh Hong, and Dehun) is a village in Godeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,636, in 344 families.


== References ==





John C. Sanford (born 1950) is an American plant geneticist, and an advocate of intelligent design and young earth creationism.


== Biography ==


=== Academic career ===
Sanford graduated in 1976 from the University of Minnesota with a BSc in horticulture. He went to the University of Wisconsin–Madison where he received an MSc in 1978 and a Ph.D. in 1980 in plant breeding/plant genetics. Although retiring in 1998, Sanford continues at Cornell University as a courtesy associate professor. He held an honorary Adjunct Associate Professor of Botany at Duke University. Sanford has published over 70 scientific publications.


=== Inventions ===
At Cornell Sanford and colleagues developed the "Biolistic Particle Delivery System" or so-called "gene gun". He is the co-inventor of the Pathogen-derived Resistance (PDR) process and the co-inventor of the genetic vaccination process. In 1998 he retired on the proceeds from the sale of his biotech companies and continued at Cornell as a courtesy associate professor.


=== Genetic Entropy & the Mystery of the Genome ===
Sanford has argued for devolution in his book Genetic Entropy & the Mystery of the Genome (2005, 2008).In it, he claims that natural selection's being the cause of biological evolution (which he calls the primary axiom) "is essentially indefensible".His argument is as follows. The minimal rate of human mutation is estimated to be 100 new mutations per generation. According to Sanford, Kimura's curve shows that most mutations have a near-neutral effect, and are furthermore slightly deleterious. As such, they cause a genetic rust unstoppable by natural selection. Therefore, the main claim is that the rise of random genetic mutations is too unnoticeable to be affected by natural selection, yet harmful enough to cause the gradual extinction of any species through time.
An important corollary is that "beneficial mutations are so rare as to be outside of consideration." Therefore, natural selection is considered too slow to allow evolution.Additionally, the selective cost is considered too high to override genetic drift and noise.


=== Mendel's Accountant ===
Sanford and colleagues developed the quantitative forward genetic modeling program  Mendel's Accountant, publishing several papers on it and genetic entropy in non–peer-reviewed venues.  Based on this research, Sanford holds that the human genome is deteriorating, and therefore could not have evolved through a process of mutation and selection as specified by the modern evolutionary synthesis.


=== Intelligent design and creationism ===
Formerly, according his own account, an atheist from the mid-1980s, Sanford has looked into theistic evolution (1985–late 1990s), Old Earth creationism (late 1990s), and Young Earth creationism (2000–present). An advocate of intelligent design, Sanford testified in 2005 in the Kansas evolution hearings on behalf of intelligent design, during which he denied the principle of common descent and "humbly offered... that we were created by a special creation, by God".
He stated that he believed the age of the Earth was "less than 100,000" years. Sanford uses an analogy to illustrate evidence of design — that of a car versus a junkyard: "A car is complex, but so is a junkyard. However, a car is complex in a way that is very specific — which is why it works. It requires a host of very intelligent engineers to specify its complexity, so it is a functional whole." Intelligent-design advocate William Dembski cites the accomplishments of Sanford as evidence of the scientific status of intelligent design, since Sanford is a specialist in genetic engineering and a Courtesy Associate Professor in Horticulture.


== References ==


== External links ==
Homepage at Cornell University
Sanford publications





The Pontiac Torpedo was a full-sized car produced by Pontiac from the 1940 through the 1948 model year (war years excepted). When released, it was the biggest Pontiac, used an 8-cylinder engine, and it had more standard features than other Pontiacs. Although the Torpedo name was exclusive to the highest line of Pontiacs in 1940, in 1941 the name was applied to all Pontiacs in three separate lines. The Custom Torpedos were now top of the line name, while the DeLuxe Torpedo became the base line, and the Streamline Torpedo became the middle line of Pontiacs. All Torpedo models could be had with either a 6-cylinder or 8-cylinder engine beginning in 1941. From 1942 to 1948 the Torpedo name designated only the base line of Pontiacs.  The Torpedo name disappeared from the Pontiac lineup in 1949. It was replaced by the Pontiac Chieftain. 


== 1940-1941 ==

In 1940, Pontiac introduced the Torpedo on the General Motors C-body. Along with Oldsmobile, Pontiac had the distinction of having all three of GM's mainstream platforms this year, but this would last only one more year. The new C-body that the 1940 Pontiac Torpedo shared with Cadillac Series 62, Buick Roadmaster and Super, and the Oldsmobile Series 90 featured cutting-edge "torpedo" styling. Shoulder and hip room was over 5 in (127 mm) wider, running boards were eliminated and the exterior was streamlined and 2–3 in (51–76 mm) lower. When combined with a column-mounted shift lever the cars offered true six passenger comfort. These changes had clearly been influenced by the Cadillac Sixty Special.
The 1940 Torpedo had larger windows and wider seats than other Pontiacs, front and rear "ventiplanes" on 4-door sedans and long gracefully streamlined rear decks. Concealed hinges were used on all doors. The doors were extra wide. The hood ornament had a plastic Indian head mounted in a metal base. Front end sheet metal looked like that on other Pontiacs. Eight-cylinder badges were used front and rear. The door locks had weather sealed keyholes. Gas filler tubes were enclosed under "flip-up" lids on the left rear fenders. The window openings were trimmed with bright metal moldings. It was only available with the Inline 8-cylinder engine and either as a 4-passenger 2-door Sedan or a 5-passenger 4-door Sedan. A heater, cigarette lighter, six-tube radios, an electric clock, and a trunk light were all optional.In 1941 the A-body and B-body were similarly redesigned with lower, wider runningboard-less bodies (though running boards were offered as an extra-cost option) Consequently, Pontiac renamed its entire line-up "Torpedo", with models ranging from the low-end A-bodied Deluxe Torpedo (with a 119-inch wheelbase), the mid-level B-bodied Streamliner Torpedo (with a 122-inch wheelbase), and the high-end C-bodied Custom Torpedo (with the same 122-inch wheelbase as the previous year). All models came with either the six- or eight-cylinder engines.A wide grille with horizontal bars was used on the A-bodied Deluxe Torpedo. The parking lights were built into the grille. Headlights were fully recessed into the new, wider fenders. Speed-line ribbing was molded into the sides of both front and rear fenders. Deluxe Sixes were in Series 25. Deluxe Eights were in Series 27. The sixes had shorter hood ornaments, a "6" badge on the hood and Pontiac lettering on the side. The eights had larger hood ornaments, an "8" badge on the hood and Pontiac Deluxe lettering on the side. Deluxe Torpedoes had notchback styling. Initially five body styles were available: a 3-passenger 2-door Business Coupe, a 5-passenger 2-door Sedan Coupe, a 5-passenger 2-door Sedan, a 5-passenger 2-door convertible and a 5-passenger 4-door Sedan. The 5-passenger 4-door Metropolitan Sedan was added in the middle of the model year. It had 4-window styling with rear ventiplanes similar to the 4-door Custom Torpedo Sedan instead of the 6-window styling found on the regular 4-door Deluxe Torpedo Sedan. The convertible had a power top.Sleek fastback styling characterized the B-bodied Streamliner Torpedo. The roofline swept from the windshield to the rear bumper in one smooth curve. The front end sheet metal was the same as on the Deluxe Torpedo and trim difference between sixes and eights were also the same. Streamliner Sixes were in Series 26. Streamliner Eights were in Series 28. Beige corded wool cloth upholstery. There was also a Super Streamliner Torpedo subseries. Supers had the same body styling and trim but featured two-tone worsted wool cloth upholstery with pin stripes. They also added sponge rubber seat cushions, electric clocks, deluxe flexible steering wheels and divan type seats with folding center armrests. Two bodystyles were available: a 5-passenger 2-door Sedan Coupe and a 5-passenger 4-door Sedan.
The C-bodied Custom Torpedo had a notchback sedan and coupe as the previous year but new was a 4-door 8-passenger wood bodied station wagon in standard or Deluxe trim. Styling was similar to the Deluxe and Streamliner Torpedoes as were the variations between the sixes and the eights. Custom Sixes were in Series 24. Custom Eights were in Series 29. Station wagon bodies were built by Hercules and Ionia. The Ionia bodies had a more rounded rear end treatment. Standard station wagons had imitation leather upholstery while Deluxe types had genuine leather cushions.
1941 was the last year Pontiac offered a model with the GM C-body until the big "Clamshell tailgate" Pontiac Safari and Grand Safari station wagons of 1971-76.
The only way to get an 8-cylinder engine on the GM A body from 1941 to 1948 was to buy an Oldsmobile Special 68 or a Pontiac Deluxe Torpedo Eight. In a sense these were perhaps the first muscle cars.


== 1942-1948 ==
For 1942, the Torpedo name was assigned to the A-bodied Pontiac while the Streamliner became the B-bodied Pontiac. The grille got horizontal bars, while the headlamps were placed farther apart. Most Torpedoes continued to have the notchback styling found on the Deluxe Torpedoes. However a new body style to the A-bodied Pontiac was a 5-passenger 2-door Sedan Coupe which had fastback styling similar to the Streamliner. After December 15, 1941, the Torpedo received wartime 'black-out" trim, which meant that all the chrome pieces were painted in Duco Gun-Metal Grey.In 1946, the first postwar Pontiac's looked very similar to the pre-war models. The dash contained full instrumentation with round gauges. The engines were the same. The 4-window 4-door Metropolitan Sedan and the 2-door Club Coupe were discontinued.
1947 Torpedoes received a new "Chief Pontiac" hood ornament. An 8-tube radio became optional.1948 was the last year for the Torpedo, receiving a new grill.   The Hydramatic automatic transmission became optional. Base price was $1,500.


== See also ==
Pontiac Streamliner


== References ==





Šimon Szathmáry (born October 4, 1995) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. He is currently playing for Piráti Chomutov of the Czech Extraliga.Szathmáry made his Czech Extraliga debut playing with Piráti Chomutov during the 2015-16 Czech Extraliga season.
His grandfather Jan Suchý was also an ice hockey player.


== References ==


== External links ==
Biographical information and career statistics from Eliteprospects.com, or The Internet Hockey Database





Leila Vaziri (Persian: لیلا وزیری‎, born June 6, 1985) is an American competition swimmer, the 2007 world champion, and a former world record-holder in the 50-meter backstroke.


== Swimming career ==


=== Collegiate career ===
Vaziri attended Indiana University, where she majored in communication and culture, and competed for the Indiana Hoosiers swimming and diving team.  She was 2005 Big Ten Champion in the 100-yard backstroke and the 2007 NCAA bronze medalist in the 100-yard backstroke. Vaziri earned 15 All-America certificates during her Hoosier career, the most in school history, and was the 2007 Indiana University Female Athlete of the Year.Leila won the 100-meter backstroke at the US National Championships in 2006, earning a spot at the Pan Pacific Championships in Victoria, British Columbia. After turning in the second-fastest time in the nation, she earning a spot on the U.S. World Championship Team.


=== Professional career ===
At the 2007 World Aquatics Championships held in Melbourne, Vaziri won a gold medal in the 50-meter backstroke and earned a silver medal by swimming the backstroke leg in the heats of the 4×100-meter medley relay. Going into the final of the 50 m backstroke, Vaziri was the clear favorite for gold.  In the heats of the 50 m backstroke, Vaziri broke Natalie Coughlin's Championship record of 28.30 with a time of 28.25 establishing a new American Record. In the semifinals of the 50 m backstroke, she broke Janine Pietsch's world record of 28.19 with a time of 28.16. In the final of the 50 m backstroke, she equalled her own world record en route to winning gold.Vaziri came short of making the 2008 USA Olympic Swimming Team when she finished in 7th place in the final of the 100 m backstroke at the 2008 U.S. Olympic Team Trials.


== Personal ==
She has an Iranian father and a mother of German ancestry.


== See also ==

List of Iranian Americans
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming (women)
World record progression 50 metres backstroke


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website 
Leila Vaziri at the United States Olympic Committee
Indiana University bio of Leila Vaziri





Haliotis fatui is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.


== Description ==
The size of the subcircular to oval-oblong shell varies between 30 mm and 60 mm. It is closely related to Haliotis varia Linnaeus, 1758, but differs in its shell and epipodial characters. The coloration of the shell is brown, yellow brown or dark green.


== Distribution ==
This marine species occurs in the central Indo-Pacific


== References ==

Geiger (1999), Description of Haliotis fatui new species (Gastropoda: Vetigastropoda) from the tropical western Pacific; The Nautilus v. 113


== External links ==
"Haliotis (Haliotis) fatui". Gastropods.com. Retrieved 16 January 2019.





This is a list of episodes for the American private detective crime drama television series Vegas, which aired on ABC from April 25, 1978, to June 3, 1981.


== Series overview ==


== Episodes ==


=== TV Movie ===


=== Season 1 (1978–79) ===


=== Season 2 (1979–80) ===


=== Season 3 (1980–81) ===


== External links ==
List of Vegas  episodes on IMDb
List of Vegas episodes at TV.com
Vegas at epguides.com





Sergey Sergeyevich Borisov (Russian: Серге́й Серге́евич Борисов; born 21 December 1987) is a Russian professional football player.


== External links ==
Sergey Borisov at FootballFacts.ru (in Russian)





Pringle is an unincorporated community in Northern Hutchinson County, Texas, United States.
The Pringle-Morse Consolidated Independent School District serves area students.


== External links ==
U.S. Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System: Pringle, Texas





Josef Doležal (Czech pronunciation: [ˈjozɛf ˈdolɛʒal]) (12 December 1920 in Příbram – 28 January 1999 in Prague) was a Czechoslovak athlete who competed mainly in the 50 kilometre walk.He competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1952 Summer Olympics held in Helsinki, Finland in the 50 kilometre walk where he won the silver medal.


== References ==





Bernie's Tune is a 1952 jazz standard. The music was written by Bernie Miller, with lyrics added later by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller. It was popularised with a recording by the quartet of the American saxophonist and composer Gerry Mulligan, on the 1952 album of the same name, which also featured Chet Baker on trumpet. Despite this association, the piece was actually composed, as aforementioned, by a slightly unsung composer Bernie Miller, who also wrote the tune "Loaded" which was also covered by Chet Baker and saxophonist Stan Getz (to name a few). The tune was a popular choice for musicians jamming at the time, though information about the composer ("Bernie" Miller) himself is scarce, all that people really know of him is that he was a piano player from Washington DC. Mulligan speculated that by the time he had discovered any of Bernie's tunes, Bernie was dead. Later on in Mulligan's life, he took the same changes but invented a new melody to fit over the piece, entitling it 'Idle Gossip'.


== Composition ==
The song is typically played in D minor, and has a 32 bar AABA structure. Harmonically, it starts on the root minor chord, then travels to form a dominant on the augmented 5th of the D (Bb dominant 7th). This is what gives the A section of this piece a slightly blues-orientated tonality, as the dominant 7th of the Bb dominant is an Ab, the b5 of the root minor chord, being the definitive note of a blues scale. It then moves down a semitone to the dominant 5th of the root minor, preparing to go back to the root minor. This repeats for the second A section, although instead of the minor 2-5 back into D minor, there is a major 2-5-1 into Bb Major (leading to the B section.) The B section of the piece is a standard 1-6-2-5 in Bb repeating 3 times, then leading to a Bb dominant, and a minor 2-5 back into the root minor. The A section then repeats once to lead back to the start. The melody of the A section is primarily chromatic and conjunct, except the quaver length four note arpeggios at the end of each second bar. The melody of the B section is far less chromatic but still moves in a predominantly conjunct style. 


== Versions ==
Al Haig, on Al Haig: Live in Hollywood, 1952.
Gerry Mulligan Quartet, on Bernie's Tune, 1952.
Konitz Meets Mulligan, 1953
Gene Krupa and Buddy Rich, on Krupa and Rich, 1955.
Mel Tormé, on Gene Norman presents Mel Tormé at the Lighthouse, 1955.
Shelly Manne & His Men, on Swinging Sounds, 1956.
Art Pepper, on Art Pepper + Eleven – Modern Jazz Classics, 1959.
George Shearing, on On the Sunny Side of the Strip, 1960.
George Barnes (musician) and Carl Kress, on George Barnes & Carl Kress: Town Hall Concert, 1963.
Billy Strange, on The James Bond Theme/Walk Don't Run, 1964.
Earl Hines, on Here Comes Earl "Fatha" Hines, 1966.
Frank Morgan, on Frank Morgan, 1975.
Clare Fischer, on Crazy Bird, 1985.
Scott Hamilton, on East of the Sun, 1993.
Karrin Allyson, on Azure-té, 1995.
Chris Flory, on Blues in My Heart, 2003.
Greg Osby, on Public, 2004.
Tommy Emmanuel and Martin Taylor, on The Colonel and the Governor, 2013.


== See also ==
List of jazz standards


== References ==





Harold Leaon Weafer (March 27, 1900 – August 23, 1978) was an American professional baseball player and umpire. Weafer was a first baseman in minor league baseball. He became an American League umpire in 1943 and stayed there until 1947. He umpired 776 major league games.


== Career ==
Hal Weafer began his baseball career in 1918, playing in the International League. Weafer traveled around the minor leagues for over a decade. His longest stint came with the Richmond Colts of the Virginia League, with whom he played with from 1924 to 1927. From 1928 to 1933, he served as a player-manager for several clubs.
He retired as a player after 1933 and became a minor league umpire. He worked in the Bi-State League in 1935, the International League from 1936 to 1937, and the American Association from 1938 to 1942. After the president of the American Association suggested that Weafer lose 15-20 pounds for a promotion to MLB umpiring, he began dieting and chopping down Christmas trees. He slimmed down from 220 pounds to 170 pounds. He received his major league opportunity in September 1942. He remained an AL umpire until 1947. After his MLB umpiring days, Weafer served as an umpire supervisor in the minor leagues. He approved and worked with graduates of the Al Somers Umpire School.


== Personal life ==
His brother Ken Weafer played in one game for the Boston Bees in 1936.


== See also ==
List of Major League Baseball umpires


== References ==





The Silos is a census-designated place (CDP) in Broadwater County, Montana, United States. The population was 506 at the 2010 census.


== Geography ==
The Silos is located along the west shore of Canyon Ferry Lake, a reservoir on the Missouri River. U.S. Route 12/287 runs through the CDP, leading 5 miles (8 km) southeast to Townsend, the Broadwater County seat, and 28 miles (45 km) northwest to Helena, the state capital.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of 5.1 square miles (13.3 km2), all of it land.


== References ==





Rosamond Davenport Hill (4 August 1825 – 6 August 1902) was a British educational administrator and prison reformer.


== Early life and education ==
Rosamond Davenport Hill was born on 4 August 1825 in Chelsea in London. Her parents were Matthew Davenport Hill and Margaret Bucknall. In 1826, the family moved to Chancery Lane then in 1831, they moved to Hampstead Heath. The children were Alfred Hill born in 1821, Florence Davenport Hill who was also born in Chelsea in 1828, Matthew Berkeley Hill and Joanna Margaret Hill who was born in Hampstead in 1836/7.Rosamond's immediate family were all reforming individuals but her extended family on her father's side included the stamp inventor Rowland Hill, the prison inspector Frederic Hill and Francis Hill.As a young girl, Davenport Hill was fond of botany, which she studied at a day school. She received a lot of her education at home, which was taught by her mother, who suffered from health problems and relied on Davenport Hill to help maintain the home. Davenport Hill was a very proactive child regarding her own education. As part of her schooling, she and her sister Florence interviewed the Irish writer Maria Edgeworth on 1 March 1840. That year, the family moved to Haverstock Hill. Upon their move, they became friendly with William Makepeace Thackeray.


== Teaching career and prison reform interests ==
In 1841, the family moved to France, followed by Belgium in 1844, and eventually Switzerland and Italy. The family moved back to England, settling in Bristol, in 1851 due to Matthew Davenport Hill becoming a bankruptcy commissioner. Davenport Hill began working for Mary Carpenter. She worked at Carpenter's St. James ragged school and taught the children arithmetic and home economics. She also worked for her father, who had become active in educational and criminal law reform. She visited Ireland in 1856, where she visited prisons with her father. She wrote a book about her experience titled "A Lady's Visit to the Irish Convict Prisons". In 1858, the two went to Spain, France, and Germany to visit prisons. Davenport Hill focused exclusively about prison reform until the mid-1870s. She co-authored a book with her father, in 1860, titled "Our Exemplars, Rich and Poor."In 1855, Davenport Hill visited Mettray Penal Colony with her father. They became close friends with Mettray's founder, Frédéric-Auguste Demetz. Mettray suffered considerable damage during the Franco-Prussian War. Davenport Hill raised £2,500 to fund renovations for Mettray. Inspired by the work there, Davenport Hill, and her sister, opened an industrial school for girls based on Mettray, in Bristol. Her father died in 1872.Upon her father's death, Davenport Hill travelled to Adelaide, Australia, to visit family including her reforming cousin Emily Clark. She travelled with her sister Florence and the two of them were to stay together for life. While in Australia, the sisters did inspections of schools, prisons and reformatories. Henry Parkes served as one of their guides. Davenport Hill spoke before a commission in Sydney about the reformatory movement. She wrote a paper, titled "A Summary of the Principles of Reformatory Treatment, with a Special Reference to Girls' (printed in the Memoir)" that argued that reform treatment should emphasise independence and self-efficacy. The two sisters travelled from Australia to Egypt and Italy, returning home in 1875. During their travels, they wrote and published "What we saw in Australia". In 1878, they published a biography about their father. The two sisters lived in Hampstead. Davenport Hill left the Church of England and became a Unitarian Universalist.


== Education career ==
On 5 December 1879, Davenport Hill was elected a Progressive Party member of the school board for the City of London. She served until 1897. She sat on the industrial school committee and the school management committee. She chaired the management of Greystoke Place. She became chairman of the cooking committee and published multiple papers on the subject in education.She was an early opposer of the school board's pension program for teachers, which was eventually abolished in 1895. She visited the United States and Canada, travelling to schools across the countries in 1888. This inspired her to introduce pianos to schools for the sake of marching and drill. She also became interested in sloyd education. She opposed the board's interest in providing meals to children and also protested the religious stances of the board, despite supporting daily religious teachings. Davenport HIll was a member of the National Froebel Foundation. She served on the board of the University College London.


== Retirement and later life ==
She retired from the board in 1897. She moved in with her sister in a home called Hillstow in Oxford. Upon her retirement, the Brentwood Industrial School was renamed the Davenport-Hill Home for Boys. Davenport Hill died at Hillstow on 6 August 1902.


== Further reading ==
Swain, Shurlee. "Florence and Rosamond Davenport Hill and the Development of Boarding Out in England and Australia: a study in cultural transmission." Women's History Review. 23.5 (2014).


== References ==





Åsta is a village in Åmot municipality, Norway. It is located seven kilometres south of the municipality centre Rena, close to the Glomma river. Åsta was the site of the Åsta accident, which claimed 19 lives.


== References ==





Augustus Paul Cooke, was a mid-19th century United States Navy officer.


== Career ==
Cooke entered the United States Naval Academy during the 1850s, and passed examinations to become a Midshipman on 29 April 1859.  His nomination to the rank of Lieutenant was approved by President James Buchanan for approval by the Senate in late 1860, and became official on 28 December of that year following the retirement of Lieutenant Robert Selden, which left a vacancy in the Navy's officer corps.  This highly-rigid system of officer promotion based on seniority and available positions were a common feature of 19th century navies.
When the Civil War broke out, Cooke remained loyal to the Union.  He was promoted to Lieutenant Commander on 11 August 1862 and shortly afterwards was given command of the steamer USS Estrella when the Navy took her into service late in the year.  Under Cooke's command, Estrella saw extensive service in the fighting along the Gulf Coast.  He was relieved of his command shortly before the Battle of Mobile Bay and ordered back to the Union states.
Cooke remained in the navy after the end of the war and was promoted to Commander on 15 August 1870.  Four years later he was appointed as the commanding officer of the newly commissioned torpedo ram USS Intrepid, giving him the distinction of being the first American naval officer to command a ship armed with self-propelled torpedoes.
After leaving Intrepid Cooke was promoted to Captain on 25 November 1881.  By 1888 he was serving as a branch vice-president of the United States Naval Institute.  Cooke retired from the navy on 27 May 1892.


== External links ==
Civil War officers





Richard Fleetwood (1653–1709), of Rossall Hall, Lancashire, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lancashire from 18 April 1704 to 1705.


== References ==





Geoff Goddard (19 November 1937 – 15 May 2000) was an English songwriter, singer and instrumentalist. Working for Joe Meek in the early 1960s, he wrote songs for Heinz, Mike Berry, Gerry Temple, The Tornados, Kenny Hollywood, The Outlaws, Freddie Starr, Screaming Lord Sutch, The Ramblers and John Leyton. His song for Leyton, "Johnny Remember Me", reached number 1 in the UK Singles Chart.By the mid-1960s he had fallen out with Meek. Disillusioned with the music industry, he withdrew from it to work in catering.


== Biography ==
Goddard was born in Reading, Berkshire, England. He sang in choir in a local church before going on to study the viola and piano at the Royal Academy of Music in London. Following national service, he sought to move into popular music, and met Meek. He initially attempted to establish himself as a Russ Conway/Liberace styled singer-pianist under the stage-name "Anton Hollywood". Meek promoted him, but he was unable to achieve success.Eventually he released his solo records under his real name. He recorded four singles as solo artist, produced by Meek, on which he sang with his distinctive regional accent:

"Girl Bride" / "For Eternity" HMV POP 938 October 1961
"My Little Girl's Come Home" / "Try Once More" HMV POP 1068 September 1962
"Saturday Dance" / "Come Back To Me" HMV POP 1160 May 1963
"Sky Men" / "Walk With Me My Angel" HMV POP 1213 October 1963The Oxford label CD also featured seven of the above named tracks ("Sky Men" being the exception), plus Goddard's demo of his song, "My Friend Bobby".His best known efforts were as a songwriter. The first project he worked on for Meek was the instrumental "Lone Riders" for The Flee-Rekkers. He then penned "Johnny Remember Me" for John Leyton. It became a number one hit single in the UK Singles Chart. Goddard also played keyboards on various of Meek's productions, most notably another chart-topper, The Tornados', "Telstar", and wrote and performed on the hit single's flip side, "Jungle Fever." Despite his considerable track record as a songwriter, Goddard withdrew from the music industry after falling out with Meek. He brought a breach of copyright case in 1965 against Meek concerning The Honeycombs' hit "Have I The Right?", written by Ken Howard and Alan Blaikley. Goddard claimed that it borrowed from his earlier song "Give Me The Chance". Goddard was unwilling to testify personally and lost the case.Subsequently, Goddard returned to his home town and worked for many years in the catering department of the University of Reading. In 1985, the royalties and the platinum disc from the Marc Almond/Bronski Beat cover version of "Johnny Remember Me", having sold over 300,000 copies, came as a complete surprise to him.Goddard died from a heart attack in May 2000, at the age of 62. In the 2009 film, Telstar: The Joe Meek Story, Goddard was portrayed by Tom Burke.


== Releases as songwriter (RGM productions) ==
The Flee-Rekkers – "Lone Rider" – Pye 7N35006 A-side (June 1961)
John Leyton – "Johnny Remember Me" – Top Rank JAR577 A (July 1961)
Mike Berry & The Outlaws – "Tribute to Buddy Holly" – HMV POP 912 A (September 1961)
John Leyton – "Wild Wind" – Top Rank JAR585 A (September 1961)
Gerry Temple – "Seventeen Come Sunday" – HMV POP 939 A (October 1961)
John Leyton – "Voodoo Woman" – HMV CLP1497 Album (November 1961)
John Leyton – "Oh Lover" – HMV CLP1497 LP (November 1961)
John Leyton – "Son This Is She" – HMV POP 956 A (December 1961)
Mike Berry & The Outlaws – "Little Boy Blue" – HMV POP 979 B side (January 1962)
John Leyton – "Lone Rider" – HMV POP 992 A (March 1962)
John Leyton – "Lonely City" – HMV POP 1014 A (April 1962)
The Tornados – "Jungle Fever" – Decca F11494 B (August 1962)
John Leyton – "Lonely Johnny" – HMV POP 1076 A (October 1962)
Kenny Hollywood – "The Wonderful Story of Love" – Decca F11546 B (December 1962)
Mike Berry & The Outlaws – "Don't You Think It's Time" – HMV POP 1105 A (December 1962)
The Outlaws – "Texan Spiritual" – HMV POP 1124 B (February 1963)
Toby Ventura – "If My Heart Were A Storybook" – Decca F11581 A (February 1963)
Mike Berry & The Outlaws – "My Little Baby" – HMV POP 1142 A (March 1963)
Freddie Starr & The Midnighters – "Who Told You" – Decca F11663 A (May 1963)
Heinz – "Just Like Eddie" – Decca F11693 A (July 1963)
John Leyton – "On Lover's Hill" – HMV POP 1204 LP (September 1963)
Screaming Lord Sutch – "Monster in Black Tights" – Decca F11747 B (September 1963)
Pamela Blue – "My Friend Bobby" – Decca F11761 A (October 1963)
Heinz – "Country Boy" – Decca F11768 A (November 1963)
The Ramblers – "Dodge City" – Decca F11775 A (November 1963)
Heinz – "You Were There" – Decca F11831 A (February 1964)
Heinz – "Hush-A-Bye" – Decca LK4599 LP (March 1964)
Cliff Richard – "My Head Goes Round" - EMI Columbia SCX6435 LP Tracks 'n Grooves (November 1970)


== References ==


== External links ==
Tribute on myspace
Fan site
Geoff Goddard discography at Discogs





Privolzhsky District (Russian: Приво́лжский райо́н) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-seven in Samara Oblast, Russia. It is located in the west of the oblast. The area of the district is 1,379.3 square kilometers (532.6 sq mi). Its administrative center is the rural locality (a selo) of Privolzhye. Population: 24,005 (2010 Census);  24,552 (2002 Census); 23,058 (1989 Census). The population of Privolzhye accounts for 31.2% of the district's total population.


== References ==


=== Notes ===


=== Sources ===
Самарская Губернская Дума. №179-ГД 18 декабря 2006 г. «Устав Самарской области», в ред. Закона №6-ГД от 11 января 2016 г. «О внесении изменений в Устав Самарской области». Вступил в силу 1 января 2007 г. Опубликован: "Волжская коммуна", №237 (25790), 20 декабря 2006 г. (Samara Governorate Duma. #179-GD December 18, 2006 Charter of Samara Oblast, as amended by the Law #6-GD of January 11, 2016 On Amending the Charter of Samara Oblast. Effective as of January 1, 2007.).
Самарская Губернская Дума. Закон №189-ГД от 28 декабря 2004 г. «О наделении статусом городского округа и муниципального района муниципальных образований в Самарской области», в ред. Закона №23-ГД от 30 марта 2015 г. «Об осуществлении местного самоуправления на территории городского округа Самара Самарской области». Вступил в силу по истечении десяти дней со дня официального опубликования. Опубликован: "Волжская коммуна", №247, 31 декабря 2004 г. (Samara Governorate Duma. Law #189-GD of December 28, 2004 On Granting the Status of Urban Okrug and Municipal District to the Municipal Formations in Samara Oblast, as amended by the Law #23-GD of March 30, 2015 On the Implementation of Local Self-Government on the Territory of Samara Urban Okrug of Samara Oblast. Effective as of after ten days from the day of the official publication.).
Самарская Губернская Дума. Закон №46-ГД от 25 февраля 2005 г. «Об образовании сельских поселений в пределах муниципального района Приволжский Самарской области, наделении их соответствующим статусом и установлении их границ», в ред. Закона №106-ГД от 11 октября 2010 г. «О внесении изменений в законодательные акты Самарской области, устанавливающие границы муниципальных образований на территории Самарской области». Вступил в силу по истечении десяти дней со дня официального опубликования. Опубликован: "Волжская коммуна", №35, 26 февраля 2005 г. (Samara Governorate Duma. Law #46-GD of February 25, 2005 On Establishing Rural Settlements Within the Limits of Privolzhsky Municipal District of Samara Oblast, Granting Them an Appropriate Status, and Establishing Their Borders, as amended by the Law #106-GD of October 11, 2010 On Amending Legislative Acts of Samara Oblast Establishing the Borders of the Municipal Formations on the Territory of Samara Oblast. Effective as of after ten days from the day of the official publication.).





Montevideo Shopping Center is the first shopping mall that opened in Montevideo. It is located in the neighborhood Buceo, on the border with Pocitos, right in front of the World Trade Center Montevideo.


== References ==





Ornament and Crime is Self's first long-playing release since 2000's Gizmodgery, after several free Internet-only albums.  Originally intended for release in August 2004, it was delayed by the dissolution of Self's label, DreamWorks Records.  It was eventually released independently thirteen years later, in August 2017, which also saw the physical release of previously Internet-only B-side album, Porno, Mint & Grime.  Prior to this, Ornament and Crime was only legally available via streaming on Self's Myspace and YouTube channels.


== Track listing ==
Hellbent (03:09)
Emotional (03:27)
Insecure Sober (02:23)
Pathetic Song (03:21)
How Can I Make You Happy (03:13)
Can't Go On (04:05)
Coming Over (04:03)
No One Knows You (02:43)
Grow Up (03:22)
The Pounding Truth (03:18)
Out With A Bang (03:32)
L.A. Radio (02:27)


== Notes ==





Aubrey Niel Morgan CMG (30 January 1904 – 14 September 1985) was a Welsh cricketer and diplomat.


== Early life and cricket career ==
Morgan was born at Cyncoed, Glamorgan, and educated at Charterhouse School and Jesus College, Cambridge. A right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium-fast, he made his first-class debut for Glamorgan in 1928 against Oxford University.  He played four further first-class matches for the county in 1928 and 1929.  His final first-class appearance came for Wales against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's in 1929. In his first-class career he scored 95 runs at a batting average of 8.36, with a highest score of 35.  With the ball he took six wickets at a bowling average of 56.00, with best figures of 2/37.
His younger brother, Trevil, also played first-class cricket for Glamorgan and Wales, as well as Cambridge University.


== Diplomatic career ==
After working at his family's department store, David Morgan in Cardiff, Niel Morgan went on to become a British diplomat, patron of the arts, and brother-in-law of the US aviator Charles Lindbergh. He was controller of British Information Services in the United States during World War II. After the war he was Personal Adviser to Lord Franks, the British ambassador to the US, work for which he was awarded the CMG.Morgan died of heart failure on 14 September 1985, at the age of 81, at his farm in Ridgefield, Washington, USA. He was survived by his wife, Constance Morrow Morgan. They married in 1937 and had a son and three daughters. His first wife, Constance's elder sister Elisabeth, died in 1934.


== References ==


== External links ==
Niel Morgan at Cricinfo
Niel Morgan at CricketArchive





In statistics, Studentization, named after William Sealy Gosset, who wrote under the pseudonym Student, is the adjustment consisting of division of a first-degree statistic derived from a sample, by a sample-based estimate of a population standard deviation.  The term is also used for the standardisation of a higher-degree statistic by another statistic of the same degree: for example, an estimate of the third central moment would be standardised by dividing by the cube of the sample standard deviation.
A simple example is the process of dividing a sample mean by the sample standard deviation when data arise from a location-scale family. The consequence of "Studentization" is that the complication of treating the probability distribution of the mean, which depends on both the location and scale parameters, has been reduced to considering a distribution which depends only on the location parameter. However, the fact that a sample standard deviation is used, rather than the unknown population standard deviation, complicates the mathematics of finding the probability distribution of a Studentized statistic.
In computational statistics, the idea of using Studentized statistics is of some importance in the development of confidence intervals with improved properties in the context of resampling and, in particular, bootstrapping.


== Examples ==
Studentized range
Studentized residual


== See also ==
Pivotal quantity


== References ==





Leucophanite is an inosilicate mineral with a complex composition, (Na,Ca)2BeSi2(O.OH.F)7. It may contain cerium substituting in the calcium position. 
It occurs in pegmatites and alkali igneous complexes as yellow, greenish or white triclinic crystals and has been found in Norway, Quebec and Russia.
It was first described from the Langesundfiord district of southern Norway in 1840. The name is from the Greek leucos for "white" and phanein for "to appear" in allusion to the common white color.


== References ==





South Harbour (Finnish: Eteläsatama, Swedish: Södra hamnen) is a bay and harbour area immediately next to the centre of the city of Helsinki, Finland. 4.7 million passengers in liner traffic and some 37 000 international cruise passengers travel through it every year. In addition to that, also over million tonnes of unitized cargo passes through the South Harbour.  The most of the harbour's traffic is to Stockholm, Sweden and Tallinn, Estonia, and cruises. In summertime, there is also much small ship traffic.
The bay is bordered by the districts of Katajanokka, Kaartinkaupunki, Ullanlinna and Kaivopuisto. The waterway leading to the South Harbour is 9.6 metres deep. The most critical point on the waterway is the Kustaanmiekka strait, with a width of 80 metres. The waterway has a speed limit of 30 km/h, except for the Katajanokka area, which has a speed limit of 10 km/h.


== Piers and terminals ==
The South Harbour has eight named piers and three terminals.
The Katajanokka Quay (Finnish: Katajanokanlaituri, Swedish: Skatuddskajen) runs nearly the whole length of Katajanokka, with a length of 740 metres and water depth of 8.8 metres. The furthest part of the pier, towards the sea, consists of the cruising ship pier, with a water depth of 10.3 metres. At the middle of the pier is the Katajanokka Terminal, used by the Viking Line cruiseferries among others. 
At the end near the Helsinki Market Square was the Kanava Terminal (Finnish: Kanavaterminaali, Swedish: Kanalterminalen), used by express ships travelling to Tallinn. The terminal was pulled down in 2012.
In front of the Presidential Palace is the Linnanallas (Slottsbassängen) bay, used by visiting small boats. Between the bay and the sea lies Linnanlaituri (Slottskajen), used for traffic to Korkeasaari and Porvoo.
At the Market Square shore is Keisarinluodonlaituri (Kejsargrundskajen), named after an islet that the ship carrying emperor Nicholas I of Russia collided with in 1833. Nowadays the islet lies under filling ground brought to the shore. The pier is used mostly by the commuter ship to Suomenlinna.
On the other side of the disused turning railway bridge is the Cholera basin, named after a seaman who died from cholera. The bay is used by fishermen and tourist ships.
Next to the old market hall is the Vironallas (Estbassängen) bay, used by visiting boats. The part between Vironallas and the former railway bridge is called Lyypekinlaituri. It was formerly used by ships to Lübeck, Germany. The pier between Vironallas and the sea is called Pakkahuoneenlaituri (Packhuskajen). It is 135 metres long and has a water depth of 6.0 metres.
Next is the Makasiini Terminal (Finnish: Makasiiniterminaali, Swedish: Magasinterminalen), used by express ships to Tallinn. The Makasiini Quay pier next to it is 270 metres long and has a water depth of 7.2 to 7.5 metres. At its end is the Matkustajalaituri (Passagerkajen) pier, used by loading cruiseliners to Stockholm.
The southernmost terminal is the Olympia Terminal, built for the 1952 Summer Olympics. It is used by the cruiseferries of Silja Line. The Olympia Quay pier next to it is 370 metres long and has a water depth of 7.5 to 8.8 metres.
On the Valkosaari island in front of the Olympia Terminal is the home port of Nyländska jaktklubben (NJK), Helsinki's oldest yacht club, and a restaurant. In summertime, there is a regular ship connection to the island from the south side of the terminal.


== History ==

In the 17th century, the bay was called Kaupunginlahti (Stadsviken). Its shores were so low that it was only suited for a harbour for boats owned by the inhabitants of the coast and the islands. In the 18th century, the main loading point on the bay's shore was the Erhardt pier. In the middle 18th century, the bay was called Eteläinen kaupunginsatama (Södra Stadshamnen). For long, it was a secondary harbour. As traffic increased, fastening places for ships were built on the shores and harbour warehouses for storing cargo were built.
When Helsinki was made the capital of Finland, the bay's shores were filled and they were first outfitted with wooden piers, later by stone piers. The city wanted to turn its secondary harbour into a first-class one. In the early 19th century, the Market Square was founded on filled ground. A minor incident happened in 1827, when the bottom of the filled ground failed, and masses of land flowed down to the sea. The Makasiinilaituri pier also sank to the sea. Further harm to harbour visitor was caused by the shipwrecks, which could lie on the bottom of the sea for years.
For long, the Ullanlinna shipyard was located at the southern part of the bay, which was renamed to Ulricaborgs skeppsvarf (Finnish: Ullanlinnan Varviyhtiö) in 1847. In Katajanokka, shores were being filled and built with piers and handsome cargo warehouses. The connections to the harbour improved considerably, when a railway was built there from 1891 to 1894. In 1900, a new customs house was built in Katajanokka. In the same year, the harbour was being excavated and the Eteläranta side was completed. Thus Eteläsatama got its current form.
In 1922, Helsinki got the icebreaker Hercules, so that ships could also travel in winter. For transport of heavy cargo, the harbour got a 25-tonne crane in 1894. More cranes were acquired starting from the 1920s, so that in 1939, Eteläsatama already had 14 cranes.
In 1936, the city council decided to expand Eteläsatama to the Helsinki shipyard. This included extensive track work to the railways, which were completed in 1952. In the same year, a pier in Katajanokka collapsed into the sea, and part of the long pier had to be closed. The car ferry era between Finland and Sweden began in the early 1960s. Cargo traffic in Katajanokka was discontinued and the railway there was dismantled in the early 1980s. Since that time, Eteläsatama has been used by passenger ships and car ferries.


== External links ==
A map of South Harbour





Jan Mayen is a Norwegian volcanic island situated in the Arctic Ocean. It is 55 km (34 mi) long (southwest-northeast) and 373 km2 (144 sq mi) in area, partly covered by glaciers (an area of 114.2 km2 (44.1 sq mi) around the Beerenberg volcano). It has two parts: larger northeast Nord-Jan and smaller Sør-Jan, linked by a 2.5 km (1.6 mi) wide isthmus. It lies 600 km (370 mi) northeast of Iceland (495 km (305 mi) NE of Kolbeinsey), 500 km (310 mi) east of central Greenland and 1,000 km (620 mi) west of the North Cape, Norway. The island is mountainous, the highest summit being the Beerenberg volcano in the north. The isthmus is the location of the two largest lakes of the island, Sørlaguna (South Lagoon), and Nordlaguna (North Lagoon). A third lake is called Ullerenglaguna (Ullereng Lagoon). Jan Mayen was formed by the Jan Mayen hotspot.
Although administered separately, in the ISO 3166-1 standard Jan Mayen and Svalbard are collectively designated as Svalbard and Jan Mayen, with the two-letter country code "SJ".


== Natural resources ==

Jan Mayen Island has one exploitable natural resource, gravel, from the site at Trongskaret. Other than this, economic activity is limited to providing services for employees of Norway's radio communications and meteorological stations located on the island. Jan Mayen has one unpaved airstrip, Jan Mayensfield, which is about 1,585 m (5,200 ft) long. The 124.1 km (77.1 mi) coast has no ports or harbours, only offshore anchorages.
There are important fishing resources, and the existence of Jan Mayen establishes a large exclusive economic zone around it. A dispute between Norway and Denmark regarding the fishing exclusion zone between Jan Mayen and Greenland was settled in 1988 granting Denmark the greater area of sovereignty. Significant deposits of petroleum and natural gas are suspected by geologists to lie below Jan Mayen's surrounding seafloors.


== Status ==

Jan Mayen Island is an integral part of the Kingdom of Norway. Since 1995, Jan Mayen has been administered by the County Governor (fylkesmann) of the northern Norwegian county of Nordland to which it is closest. However, some authority over Jan Mayen has been assigned to the station commander of the Norwegian Defence Logistics Organisation, a branch of the Norwegian Armed Forces.


== Society ==

The only inhabitants on the island are personnel working for the Norwegian Armed Forces and the Norwegian Meteorological Institute. Eighteen people spend the winter on the island, but the population may roughly double (35) during the summer, when heavy maintenance is performed. Personnel serve either six months or one year, and are exchanged twice a year in April and October. The support crew, including mechanics, cooks, and a nurse, are among the military personnel. The military personnel operated a Loran-C base, until it closed at the end of 2015. Both the LORAN transmitter and the meteorological station are located a few kilometres away from the settlement Olonkinbyen (Olonkin City), where all personnel live.


=== Transport ===
Transport to the island is provided by C-130 Hercules military transport planes operated by the Royal Norwegian Air Force that land at Jan Mayensfield's gravel runway. The planes fly in from Bodø Main Air Station eight times a year. Since the airport does not have any instrument landing capabilities, good visibility is required, and it is not uncommon for the planes to have to return to Bodø, two hours away, without landing. For heavy goods, freight ships visit during the summer, but since there are no harbours, the ships must anchor.


=== Communication ===
The island has no indigenous population, but is assigned the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code SJ (together with Svalbard). It uses the Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) .no (.sj is allocated but not used) and data code JN. Jan Mayen has telephone and internet connection over satellite, using Norwegian telephone numbers (country code 47). Its amateur radio call sign prefix is JX. It has a postal code, NO-8099 JAN MAYEN, but delivery time varies, especially during the winter.


== History ==


=== Unverified "discoveries" of a terra nullius ===

Between the fifth and ninth centuries (400-900 AD/CE), numerous communities of monks originating in Ireland (Papar) navigated throughout the north Atlantic in leather boats, exploring and sometimes settling in distant islands where their monastic communities could be separated from close contact with others. Strong indicators exist of their presence in the Faroe Islands and Iceland before the arrival of the Vikings, and medieval chronicles such as the famous Voyage of Saint Brendan the Abbot testify to the extensive interest in exploration at the time. A modern-day trans-Atlantic journey proved the ability of the early navigators to reach all lands of the north Atlantic even further from Ireland than Jan Mayen—and, given favorable winds, at a speed roughly equal to that of modern yachts. Though quite feasible, there is nevertheless no direct physical trace of medieval landings or settlement on Jan Mayen.
The land named Svalbarð ("cold coast") by the Vikings in the early medieval book Landnámabók may have been Jan Mayen (instead of Spitsbergen, renamed Svalbard by the Norwegians in modern times); the distance from Iceland to Svalbarð mentioned in this book is two days' sailing (with favorable winds), consistent with the approximate 550 km (340 mi) to Jan Mayen and not with the minimum 1,550 km (960 mi) to Spitsbergen. However much Jan Mayen may have been known in Europe at that time, it was subsequently forgotten for some centuries.
In the 17th century, many claims of the island's rediscovery were made, spurred by the rivalry on the Arctic whaling grounds, and the island received many names. According to Thomas Edge, an early 17th-century whaling captain who was often inaccurate, "William  [sic] Hudson" discovered the island in 1608 and named it "Hudson's Touches" (or "Tutches"). However, Henry Hudson could only have come by on his voyage in 1607 (if he had made an illogical detour) and he made no mention of it in his journal. Douglas Hunter, in Half Moon (2009), believes Hudson may not have mentioned his supposed discovery of the island because he was "loath to address a crew insurrection that might well have erupted at that time, when the men realized where he was trying to take them." This is, however, merely speculation on Hunter's part. There is absolutely no evidence to support such a claim.
According to William Scoresby (1820: p. 154), referring to the mistaken belief that the Dutch had discovered the island in 1611, Hull whalers discovered the island "about the same time" and named it "Trinity Island". Muller (1874: pp. 190–191) took this to mean they had come upon Jan Mayen in 1611 or 1612, which was repeated by many subsequent authors. There were, in fact, no Hull whalers in either of these years, the first Hull whaling expedition having been sent to the island only in 1616 (see below). As with the previous claim made by Edge, there is no cartographical or written proof for this supposed discovery.


=== Jan Mayen during the Golden Age of Dutch exploration and discovery ===


==== First verified discoveries: mapping and naming ====

The first verified discoveries of Jan Mayen, by three separate expeditions, occurred in the summer of 1614, probably within one month of each other. The Dutchman Fopp Gerritsz, whilst in command of a whaling expedition sent out by the Englishman John Clarke, of Dunkirk, claimed (in 1631) to have discovered the island on June 28 and named it "Isabella". In January the Noordsche Compagnie (Northern Company), modelled on the Dutch East India Company, had been established to support Dutch whaling in the Arctic. Two of its ships, financed by merchants from Amsterdam and Enkhuizen, reached Jan Mayen in July 1614. The captains of these ships—Jan Jacobszoon May van Schellinkhout on the Gouden Cath (Golden Cat), and Jacob de Gouwenaer on the Orangienboom (Orange Tree)—named it Mr. Joris Eylant after the Dutch cartographer Joris Carolus who was on board and mapped the island. The captains acknowledged that a third Dutch ship, the Cleyn Swaentgen (Little Swan) captained by Jan Jansz Kerckhoff and financed by Noordsche Compagnie shareholders from Delft, had already been at the island when they arrived. They had assumed the latter, who named the island Maurits Eylandt (or Mauritius) after Maurice of Nassau, Prince of Orange, would report their discovery to the States General. However, the Delft merchants had decided to keep the discovery secret and returned in 1615 to hunt for their own profit. The ensuing dispute was only settled in 1617, though both companies were allowed to whale at Jan Mayen in the meantime.In 1615, the English whaler Robert Fotherby went ashore. Apparently thinking he had made a new discovery, he named the island "Sir Thomas Smith's Island" and the volcano "Mount Hakluyt". On a map of c. 1634, Jean Vrolicq renamed the island Île de Richelieu.Jan Mayen first appeared on Willem Jansz Blaeu's 1620 edition map of Europe, originally published by Cornelis Doedz in 1606. Blaeu, who lived in Amsterdam, named it "Jan Mayen" after captain Jan Jacobszoon May of the Amsterdam-financed Gouden Cath. Blaeu made the first detailed map of the island in his famous "Zeespiegel" atlas of 1623, establishing its current name.


==== Dutch whaling base ====

From 1615 to 1638, Jan Mayen was used as a whaling base by the Dutch Noordsche Compagnie, which had been given a monopoly on whaling in the Arctic regions by the States General in 1614. Only two ships, one from the Noordsche Compagnie, and the other from the Delft merchants, were off Jan Mayen in 1615. The following year a score of vessels were sent to the island. The Noordsche Compagnie sent eight ships escorted by three warships under Jan Jacobsz. Schrobop; while the Delft merchants sent up five ships under Adriaen Dircksz. Leversteyn, son of one of the above merchants. There were also two ships from Dunkirk sent by John Clarke, as well as a ship each from London and Hull.
Heertje Jansz, master of the Hope, of Enkhuizen, wrote a day-by-day account of the season. The ships took two weeks to reach Jan Mayen, arriving early in June. On 15 June they met the two English ships, which Schrobop allowed to remain, on condition they gave half their catch to the Dutch. The ships from Dunkirk were given the same conditions. By late July the first ship had left with a full cargo of whale oil; the rest left early in August, several filled with oil.That year 200 men were seasonally living and working on the island at six temporary whaling stations (spread along the northwest coast). During the first decade of whaling more than ten ships visited Jan Mayen each year, while in the second period (1624 and later) five to ten ships were sent. With the exception of a few ships from Dunkirk, which came to the island in 1617 and were either driven away or forced to give a third of their catch to the Dutch, only the Dutch and merchants from Hull sent up ships to Jan Mayen from 1616 onward. In 1624 ten wooden houses were built in South Bay. About this time the Dutch appear to have abandoned the temporary stations consisting of tents of sail and crude furnaces, replacing them with two semi-permanent stations with wooden storehouses and dwellings and large brick furnaces, one in the above-mentioned South Bay and the other in the North Bay. In 1628 two forts were built to protect the stations. Among the sailors active at Jan Mayen was the later admiral Michiel Adriaensz de Ruyter. In 1633, at the age of 26, he was for the first time listed as an officer aboard de Groene Leeuw (The Green Lion). He again went to Jan Mayen in 1635, aboard the same ship.

In 1632 the Noordsche Compagnie expelled the Danish-employed Basque whalers from Spitsbergen. In revenge, the latter sailed to Jan Mayen, where the Dutch had left for the winter, to plunder the Dutch equipment and burn down the settlements and factories. Captain Outger Jacobsz of Grootebroek was asked to stay the next winter (1633/34) on Jan Mayen with six shipmates to defend the island. While a group with the same task survived the winter on Spitsbergen, all seven on Jan Mayen died of scurvy or trichinosis (from eating raw polar bear meat) combined with the harsh conditions.
During the first phase of whaling the hauls were generally good, some exceptional. For example, Mathijs Jansz. Hoepstock caught 44 whales in Hoepstockbukta in 1619, which produced 2,300 casks of whale oil. During the second phase the hauls were much lower. While 1631 turned out to be a very good season, the following year, due to the weather and ice, only eight whales were caught. In 1633 eleven ships managed to catch just 47 whales; while a meager 42 were caught by the same number in 1635. The bowhead whale was locally hunted to near-extinction around 1640 (approximately 1000 had been killed and processed on the island), at which time Jan Mayen was abandoned and stayed uninhabited for two and a half centuries.


=== 19th and 20th centuries ===

During the International Polar Year 1882–1883 the Austro-Hungarian North Pole Expedition stayed one year at Jan Mayen. The expedition performed extensive mapping of the area, their maps being of such quality that they were used until the 1950s. The Austrian polar station on Jan Mayen Island was built and equipped in 1882 fully at Count Wilczek's own expense.
Polar bears appear on Jan Mayen, although in diminished numbers compared with earlier times. Between 1900 and 1920, there were a number of Norwegian trappers spending winters on Jan Mayen, hunting Arctic foxes in addition to some polar bears. But the exploitation soon made the profits decline, and the hunting ended. Polar bears are genetically distinguishable in this region of the Arctic from those living elsewhere.The League of Nations gave Norway jurisdiction over the island, and in 1921 Norway opened the first meteorological station. The Norwegian Meteorological Institute annexed the island for Norway in 1922 and the whole island in 1926 when Hallvard Devold was head of the weather observations base on the island. On 27 February 1930, the island was made de jure a part of the Kingdom of Norway.
During World War II, continental Norway was invaded and occupied by Germany in spring 1940. The four-man team on Jan Mayen stayed at their posts and in an act of defiance began sending their weather reports to the United Kingdom instead of Norway. The British codenamed Jan Mayen 'Island X' and attempted to reinforce it with troops to counteract any German attack. The Norwegian patrol boat HNoMS Fridtjof Nansen ran aground on Nansenflua, one of the islands' many uncharted lava reefs and the 68-man crew abandoned ship and joined the Norwegian team on shore. The British expedition commander, prompted by the loss of the gunboat, decided to abandon Jan Mayen until the following spring and radioed for a rescue ship. Within a few days a ship arrived and evacuated the four Norwegians and their would-be reinforcements after demolishing the weather station to prevent it from falling into German hands. The Germans attempted to land a weather team on the island on 16 November 1940. The German naval trawler carrying the team crashed on the rocks just off Jan Mayen after a patrolling British destroyer had picked them up on radar. This was not a coincidence as the German plan had been compromised from the beginning with British wireless interceptors of the Radio Security Service following the communications of the Abwehr (the German Intelligence service) concerning the operation and the destroyer had  been waiting. Most of the crew struggled ashore and were taken prisoner by a landing party from the destroyer.

The Allies returned to the island on 10 March 1941, when the Norwegian ship Veslekari, escorted by the patrol boat Honningsvaag, dropped 12 Norwegian weathermen on the island. The team's radio transmissions soon betrayed its presence to the Axis, and German planes from Norway began to bomb and strafe Jan Mayen whenever weather would permit it, though they did little damage.  Soon supplies and reinforcements arrived and even some anti-aircraft guns, giving the island a garrison of a few dozen weathermen and soldiers. By 1941, Germany had given up hope of evicting the Allies from the island and the constant air raids stopped.
On 7 August 1942, a German Focke-Wulf Fw 200 "Condor", probably on a mission to bomb the station, smashed into the nearby mountainside of Danielssenkrateret in fog, killing all nine crew members. In 1950, the wreck of another German plane with four crew members was discovered on the southwest side of the island. In 1943, the Americans established a radio locating station named Atlantic City in the north to try to locate German radio bases in Greenland.
After the war, the meteorological station was located at Atlantic City, but moved in 1949 to a new location. Radio Jan Mayen also served as an important radio station for ship traffic in the Arctic Ocean. In 1959, NATO decided to build the LORAN-C network in the Atlantic Ocean, and one of the transmitters had to be on Jan Mayen. By 1961, the new military installations, including a new airfield, were operational.
For some time, scientists doubted if there could be any activity in the Beerenberg volcano, but in 1970 the volcano erupted, and added another 3 km2 (1.2 sq mi) of land mass to the island during the three-to-four weeks it lasted. It had more eruptions in 1973 and 1985. During an eruption, the sea temperature around the island may increase from just above freezing to about 30 °C (86 °F).
Historic stations and huts on the island are Hoyberg, Vera, Olsbu, Puppebu (cabin), Gamlemetten or Gamlestasjonen (the old weather station), Jan Mayen Radio, Helenehytta, Margarethhytta, and Ulla (a cabin at the foot of the Beerenberg).


== Environment ==


=== Nature reserve ===
A regulation dating from 2010 renders the island a nature reserve under Norwegian jurisdiction. The aim of this regulation is to ensure the preservation of a pristine Arctic island and the marine life nearby, including the ocean floor. Landings at Jan Mayen can be done by boat. However, this is permitted only at a small part of the island, named Båtvika (Boat Bay). As there is no commercial airline operating at the island, one cannot get there by plane except by chartering one. Admission for landings by a charter plane has to be obtained in advance. Admission to stay on the island has to be obtained in advance, and is generally limited to a few days (or even hours). Putting up a tent or setting up camp is prohibited. There is a separate regulation for the stay of foreigners.


=== Geography and geology ===

Jan Mayen consists of two geographically distinct parts. Nord-Jan has a round shape and is dominated by the 2,277 m (7,470 ft) high Beerenberg volcano with its large ice cap (114.2 km2 or 44 sq mi), which can be divided into twenty individual outlet glaciers.  The largest of those is Sørbreen, with an area of 15 km2 (5.8 sq mi) and a length of 8.7 km (5.41 mi).  South-Jan is narrow, comparatively flat and unglaciated. Its highest elevation is Rudolftoppen at 769 m (2,523 ft). The station and living quarters are located on South-Jan.  The island lies at the northern end of the Jan Mayen Microcontinent. The microcontinent was originally part of the Greenland Plate, but now forms part of the Eurasian Plate. In terms of land area, it is approximately twice the size of Liechtenstein with the addition of San Marino.


=== Important Bird Area ===
The island was identified as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it is a breeding site for large numbers of seabirds, supporting populations of northern fulmars (78,000–160,000 pairs), little auks (10,000–100,000 pairs), thick-billed guillemot (74,000–147,000 pairs) and black guillemots (100–1,000 pairs).


=== Climate ===
Jan Mayen has a hyperoceanic polar climate, similar to Greenland and Svalbard, with a Köppen classification of ET. The Gulf Stream's powerful influence makes seasonal temperature variations extremely small considering the latitude of the island, with ranges from around 6 °C (43 °F) in August to −6 °C (21 °F) in February, but also makes the island extremely cloudy with little sunshine even during the continuous polar day. The deep snow cover prevents any permafrost from developing despite a mean annual temperature slightly below freezing.


== See also ==

Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Svalbard
List of islands of Norway
List of islands of Norway by area


== References ==


== Bibliography ==
Ledgard, J.M. (2011) Submergence Coffee House Press.
Umbreit, Andreas (2005) Spitsbergen : Svalbard - Franz Josef Land - Jan Mayen, 3rd ed., Chalfont St. Peter : Bradt Travel Guides, ISBN 1-84162-092-0


== External links ==

"Jan Mayen". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency.
Jan Mayen at Curlie
www.jan-mayen.no
jan.mayen.no
Jan Mayen year round webcam
Jan Mayen at Norwegian Polar Institute
TopoJanMayen – Interactive map of Jan Mayen by the Norwegian Polar Institute
Photographs and information on Jan Mayen
Satellite Radar image of Jan Mayen
Glaciers of Jan Mayen
www.janmayen2011.org - a site about JX5O - international ham radio expedition to Jan Mayen island in 2011
LORAN-C Transmission Mast (Jan Mayen) at Structurae
Weather forecasts for Jan Mayen at yr.no (Norwegian Meteorological institute and NRK)
[1] uscg spar 403 1966





Mothers, Sisters, Daughters & Wives is an EP by Voxtrot, released on April 4, 2006, in the United States and September 25, 2006 worldwide.


== Track listings ==
CD released by Cult Hero Records on April 4, 2006, (US only) and Beggars Group / Playlouder on September 25, 2006, (worldwide except US.)"Mothers, Sisters, Daughters & Wives"
"Fast Asleep"
"Rise Up in the Dirt"
"Four Long Days"
"Soft & Warm"7" released by Full Time Hobby Recordings (FTH021S) on June 12, 2006, (UK only)."Mothers, Sisters, Daughters & Wives"
"Rise Up in the Dirt"


== References ==





Corrine Brown (born November 11, 1946) is a convicted felon and former American politician who served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Florida from 1993 to 2017. She is a member of the Democratic Party. After a court-ordered redistricting significantly changed her district, and a federal indictment, Brown was defeated in the 2016 Democratic primary by Al Lawson, who went on to win Brown's former seat.On December 4, 2017, she was sentenced  to five years in prison and ordered to pay restitution. She reported on January 29, 2018 to Coleman Federal Correctional Complex in Sumter County, Florida, near Wildwood, to begin her sentence. She has been assigned prison inmate #67315-018.


== Early life, education, and academic career ==
Born in Jacksonville, Florida, Brown earned a bachelor of science degree from Florida A&M University in 1969  She earned a master's degree in 1971 from Florida A&M University, and in 1974 received an educational specialist degree from the University of Florida.


== Florida Legislature ==
After an unsuccessful bid for the Florida House of Representatives in 1980, Brown was elected two years later from a newly drawn House district and served in the House for ten years.


== U.S. House of Representatives ==


=== Elections ===


==== 1992–2008 ====
After the 1990 census, the Florida legislature carved out a new 3rd congressional district in the northern part of the state. This district was designed to enclose an African-American majority within its boundaries. A horseshoe-shaped district encompassing largely African-American neighborhoods in Jacksonville, Gainesville, Orlando, Ocala, and Lake City, the 3rd district seemed likely to send Florida's first African-American to Congress since Reconstruction, and Brown decided to run.Brown faced several candidates in the 1992 Democratic primary, but the strongest opponent to emerge was Andy Johnson, a white talk radio host from Jacksonville. Brown defeated Johnson in the primary and in a two-candidate runoff, and went on to win the general election in November 1992.In 1995, the 3rd district was struck down by the United States Supreme Court as an unconstitutional racial gerrymander. One of the main instigators of the lawsuit that led to the redistricting was Brown's 1992 opponent, Andy Johnson. Brown railed against the change, complaining that "[t]he Bubba I beat couldn't win at the ballot box [so] he took it to court," in an interview with New Republic. Although the district was redrawn to be more compact and its black population decreased, Brown won reelection in 1996.


==== 2010 ====
	
On June 1, 2009, Brown announced she would form an exploratory committee for a possible run for the Democratic nomination for the U.S. Senate seat being vacated by Republican Mel Martinez saying, "These are challenging times for Florida. Our economy is in a shambles and our families are hurting. Charlie Crist may be good at taking pictures and making promises, but what has he actually accomplished?" In October 2009, it was announced that Brown would not run for Senate, and would seek reelection in the House of Representatives.


==== 2012–2016 ====

After decennial redistricting in 2012, Brown's district was renumbered as the 5th district, but its basic shape remained the same, stretching from Jacksonville to Orlando. It was identified as one of the most gerrymandered districts in the country. The League of Women Voters of Florida and the Florida Democratic Party challenged the new redistricting plan in court, claiming that the new 5th district was drawn to favor its incumbent and the Republican Party by packing Democratic voters, in violation of the newly adopted Fair Districts Amendment.In 2015, the Florida Supreme Court ruled that the congressional redistricting plan was a partisan gerrymander in violation of the Fair Districts Amendment, and ordered the 5th district to be substantially redrawn. Brown challenged the new court-ordered map in federal court, arguing that the new plan violated the federal Voting Rights Act. In April 2016, the court ruled against Brown. The configuration approved by the Supreme Court made the new 5th district significantly more compact than its predecessor; running in an east-west orientation along the Georgia border from downtown Jacksonville to Tallahassee.Brown ran for reelection in 2016, even though she now found herself in a district that was over 62 percent new to her. After being indicted by a federal grand jury and facing trial on 22 federal felony criminal counts, Brown was defeated by former state senator Al Lawson, in the 2016 primary for the Democratic party ticket.


=== Tenure ===
Brown was one of the 31 representatives who voted against counting the electoral votes from Ohio in the United States presidential election, 2004. In 2006, she voted "no" on the Child Custody Protection Act, Public Expression of Religion Act, Electronic Surveillance Modernization Act, Military Commissions Act, and Private Property Rights Implementation Act of 2006. She voted "yes" on the SAFE Port Act. On September 29, 2008, Brown voted for the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008.


==== Interest group ratings ====
In terms of interest group ratings, Brown held high percentages in pro-choice groups such as the Florida Alliance of Planned Parenthood Affiliates – Positions on Reproductive Rights  (for which she has a 100% rating), NARAL Pro-Choice America – Positions (100%), National Family Planning & Reproductive Health Association – House of Representatives Score (100%). Brown overall held high percentage rates from other issue groups involving animal and wildlife issues, senior and security issues, labor, education, and welfare and poverty. Meanwhile, Brown's ratings were lower in issues that deal with agriculture and economics such as National Taxpayers Union – Positions on Tax and Spending (5%), American Farm Bureau Federation – Positions (33%), and United States Chamber of Commerce – Positions (13%). Other relatively low rates for Brown from interest groups include trade, conservative issues, national security, indigenous peoples issues, gun issues, immigration, and foreign aid and policy issues. The ratings do not necessarily correlate with Brown's positions or votes on certain issues during her time as a representative in the House.


=== Political controversies ===
National Baptist Convention checkIn 1998, Brown was questioned by the House Ethics Committee about receiving a $10,000 check from National Baptist Convention leader and long-time associate, Henry Lyons. Brown confirmed receiving the check and denied she had used the money improperly. Brown said that she had taken the check and converted it into another check made out to Pameron Bus Tours to pay for transportation to a rally she organized in Tallahassee. She said that she didn't have to report the money, and that she had been cleared, explaining the rally was to protest the reorganization of her district lines, and she did not use it for herself.Forgery
The Federal Election Commission admonished Brown and Brown's former campaign treasurer quit after he discovered that his name had been forged on her campaign reports. The staffer alleged to have forged the treasurer's signature stayed with Brown and as of 1998 was her chief of staff.Congressional Accountability Project
On June 9, 1998, the Congressional Accountability Project voted to conduct a formal inquiry regarding Brown. The Project called for the U.S. House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct to determine whether Brown had violated House ethics rules. One of the complaints was that Brown's adult daughter, Shantrel Brown, had received a luxury automobile as a gift from an agent of a Gambian millionaire named Foutanga Sissoko. Sissoko, a friend of Congresswoman Brown, had been imprisoned in Miami after pleading guilty to charges of bribing a customs officer. Brown had worked to secure his release, pressuring U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno to deport Sissoko back to his homeland as an alternative to continued incarceration. The Project held this violated the House gift rule, but Brown denied she had acted improperly. The congressional subcommittee investigating Brown found insufficient evidence to issue a Statement of Alleged Violation, but said she had acted with poor judgment in connection with Sissoko.2000 presidential election
In July 2004, Brown was rebuked by the House of Representatives after she referred to the disputed 2000 presidential election in Florida as a "coup d'état". This comment came during floor debate over HR 4818, which would have provided for international monitoring of the 2004 U.S. presidential election.


=== Campaign finances ===
During her 2009–2010 campaign, Brown raised up to $966,669 from fundraising. Brown’s top contributors included CSX Corporation, a railroad-based freight transportation company with its headquarters in Jacksonville; Carnival Corporation, cruise line operator; Picerne Real Estate Group; Union Pacific Corp and Berkshire Hathaway, which owns BNSF Railway. Brown's top industry contributors included those railroads, lawyers/farm firms, real estate, transportation unions, and sea transportation. Top sectors in Brown's 2009–2010 campaign included transportation, lawyers and lobbyists, labor, construction, and finance/insurance/real estate. During her campaign, the largest source of funds was given by large individual companies, which accounted for 54% of the contributions, and PAC contributions, which accounted for 36%. Sources of funds also included small individual contributions, self-financing on Brown's part and other sources.


== Felony fraud conviction ==
In July 2016, Brown and her chief of staff, Elias "Ronnie" Simmons, pleaded not guilty to a 22 count federal indictment in relation to a non-profit charity, One Door for Education Foundation. The indictment included charges of participating in a conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud, multiple counts of mail and wire fraud, concealing material facts on required financial disclosure forms, theft of government property, obstruction of the Internal Revenue Service laws, and filing false tax returns. Federal prosecutors allege the charity was to give scholarships to underprivileged students, but instead acted as the personal slush fund for Brown and her associates. The indictment said that Brown and Simmons "filled the coffers of Brown and her associates" with One Door donations for their personal and professional benefit, totaling $800,000, much of which was deposited in cash to Brown's personal bank accounts.  On May 11, 2017, former congresswoman Brown was convicted on 18 of 22 corruption charges ranging from mail fraud to filing a false federal tax return. On December 4, 2017, she was sentenced  to five years in prison and ordered to pay restitution. She reported on January 29, 2018 to Coleman Federal Correctional Complex in Sumter County, Florida, near Wildwood, to begin her sentence.  She is appealing her conviction, and will continue to collect her Congressional pension until her appeal is concluded.


== Committee assignments ==
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure
Subcommittee on Aviation
Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation
Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials (Ranking Member)
Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment
Committee on Veterans' Affairs
Subcommittee on Health


== Electoral history ==


=== Florida House of Representatives (1980–1988) ===


== See also ==
List of American federal politicians convicted of crimes
List of federal political scandals in the United States
List of African-American United States Representatives
Women in the United States House of Representatives


== References ==


== External links ==
Congressional profile at GovTrack
Congressional profile at OpenCongress
Congressional profile at Roll Call
Fact-checking at PolitiFact.com
Financial information (federal office) at OpenSecrets.org
Financial investments (personal) at The Washington Post
Staff salaries, trips and personal finance at LegiStorm.com
Issue positions and quotes at On the Issues
Collected news and commentary at The Washington Post





The Context Group is a working group of international biblical scholars who promote research into the Bible using social-scientific methods such as anthropology and sociology.


== Founding ==
The Context Group is an international team of scholars that merges historical exegesis and the social sciences to interpret the Bible in its social and cultural contexts. It initially organized in 1986 as the "Social Facets Seminar," headed by John H. Elliott as Chair, meeting in conjunction with The Jesus Seminar under the direction of Robert W. Funk and the Westar Institute. In 1989 it broke ties with the Jesus Seminar and reorganized in Portland, Oregon, as The Context Group, A Project on the Bible in its Social and Cultural Environment.
Two seminal publications by founding members were Bruce J. Malina's The New Testament World: Insights from Cultural Anthropology (1981) and John H. Elliott's Home for the Homeless: A Sociological Exegesis of 1 Peter (1981). Elliott's What is Social-Scientific Criticism of the Bible? (1993) coined a new term for the group's methodology and provided a bibliographic survey. Other key figures who published on the subject during this era (all of whom eventually became part of the Context Group) include Dennis Duling, Philip Esler, Douglas E. Oakman, Jerome Neyrey SJ, John J. Pilch, Richard L. Rohrbaugh, and Wolfgang Stegemann.
The work of the group has had considerable influence in the field, but also has attracted a variety of criticisms.


== Main ideas ==
At the root of the Context Group's social-scientific method is the belief that biblical scholars have taken western cultural assumptions for granted when interpreting the Bible, an ancient document produced in a much different culture.
The key difference is that the modern western world is an individualistic, industrial society, whereas the society of the ancient Mediterranean world was collectivistic and agrarian.
The ancient Mediterranean was also a high-context society, where discourse took shared cultural values for granted. This contrasts with the modern western world, which is a low-context society in which discourse tends to be more specific and specialized (i.e. to particular groups, subcultures, etc.). According to the Context scholars, the interpreter must learn the cultural assumptions and values behind the text in order to understand it correctly. This involves understanding values such as honor and shame, for example, which Malina calls "pivotal cultural values."
Other common themes in Context analysis of the Bible include patron-client relationships, the "evil eye", kinship, purity codes, and dyadic/group-oriented personalities.


== Context scholars and publications ==
The Context Group’s founding and early members include important scholars in the field today: Bruce J. Malina, Philip Esler, Jerome H. Neyrey SJ, John J. Pilch, Wolfgang Stegemann, K.C. Hanson, Douglas E. Oakman, Dennis C. Duling, S. Scott Bartchy and Richard L. Rohrbaugh.
Important publications include the following:

Craffert, Pieter F. The Life of a Galilean Shaman: Jesus of Nazareth in Anthropological-Historical Perspective.  Matrix. Eugene, OR: Cascade Books, 2008.
Crook, Zeba A.  Reconceptualising Conversion: Patronage, Loyalty, and Conversion in the Religions of the Ancient Mediterranean.  BZNW 130; Berlin: Walter de Gruyter, 2004.
DeMaris, Richard E., The New Testament in Its Ritual World. London: Routledge, 2008.
DeMaris, Richard E., Jason T. Lamoreaux, and Steven C. Muir, eds. Early Christian Ritual Life. London: Routledge.
Duling, Dennis C.  The New Testament: History, Literature, and Social Context. Belmont, CA: Wadsworth, 2003.
Elliott, John H., editor. Social-Scientific Criticism of the New Testament and Its Social World. Semeia 35 (1986).
——— (1993), What Is Social-Scientific Criticism?, Guides to Biblical Scholarship, Minneapolis: Fortress Press.
——— (2006), A Home for the Homeless (reprint) (2d ed.), Eugene, OR: Wipf & Stock.
——— (2007), Conflict, Community, and Honor: 1 Peter in Social-Scientific Perspective, Cascade Companions, Eugene, OR: Cascade Books.
Esler, Philip F.  Conflict and Identity in Romans: The Social Setting of Paul's Letter. Minneapolis: Fortress Press, 2003.
——— (2005), New Testament Theology: Community and Communion, Minneapolis: Fortress Press.
Esler, Philip F., editor. Ancient Israel: The Old Testament in Its Social Context. Minneapolis: Fortress Press, 2006.
Hanson, K. C., and Douglas E. Oakman, Palestine in the Time of Jesus. Minneapolis: Fortress Press, 1998; 2d ed., 2008.
Malina, Bruce J. The New Testament World: Insights from Cultural Anthropology. 3d ed. Louisville: Westminster John Knox, 2001.
———; Neyrey, Jerome H (1996), Portraits of Paul: An Archaeology of Ancient Personality, Louisville: John Knox Press.
———; Pilch, John J (2000), Social-Science Commentary on the Book of Revelation, Minneapolis: Fortress Press.
———; Rohrbaugh, Richard L. (1998), Social-Science Commentary on the Gospel of John, Minneapolis: Fortress Press.
———; Rohrbaugh, Richard L. (2003), Social-Science Commentary on the Synoptic Gospels (2d ed.), Minneapolis: Fortress Press.
Neufeld, Dietmar. "The Social Sciences and Biblical Translation." Symposium Series 41. Atlanta/Leiden: Society of Biblical Literature, 2008.
Neyrey, Jerome H. Paul, in Other Words: A Cultural Reading of His Letters. Louisville: John Knox Press, 1990.
Neyrey, Jerome H. Render to God: New Testament Understandings of the Divine. Minneapolis: Fortress Press, 2004.
Neyrey, Jerome H., editor. The Social World of Luke-Acts: Models for Interpretation. Peabody: Hendrickson, 1991.
Oakman, Douglas E. Jesus and the Peasants. Matrix. Eugene, OR: Cascade Books, 2008.
Oakman, Douglas E.  Jesus, Debt, and the Lord's Prayer: First-Century Debt and Jesus' Intentions.  Eugene, OR: Cascade Books, 2014.
Pilch, John J., editor. Social Scientific Models for Interpreting the Bible. Biblical Interpretation Series 53. Leiden: Brill, 2001.
Pilch, John J. & Bruce J. Malina, editors. A Handbook of Biblical Social Values. Peabody: Hendrickson, 1998.
Rohrbaugh, Richard L. The New Testament in Cross-Cultural Perspective. Matrix. Eugene, OR: Cascade, 2007.
Rohrbaugh, Richard L., editor. The Social Sciences and New Testament Interpretation. Peabody, MA: Hendrickson, 1996.
Stegemann, Ekkehard S., and Wolfgang Stegemann. The Jesus Movement: A Social History of Its First Century. Translated by O. C. Dean Jr. Minneapolis: Fortress Press, 1999.
Stewart, Eric C., "Gathered around Jesus : An Alternative Spatial Practice in the Gospel of Mark". Eugene, Or. : Cascade Books, 2009.


== References ==

Coleman, John A. 'The Bible and Sociology.' 1998 Paul Hanly Furfey Lecture. Sociology of Religion (Summer 1999) on line at http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m0SOR/is_2_60/ai_55208516/pg_1
Elliott, John H. What is Social Scientific Criticism of the Bible? Minneapolis: Fortress Press, 1993.
-----. 'From Social Description to Social-Scientific Criticism: The History of a Society of Biblical Literature Section 1975-2005.' Biblical Theology Bulletin 38 (2008): 26-36.
Esler, Philip F. 'The Context Group Project: An Autobiographical Account.' In Anthropology and Biblical Studies: Avenues of Research, edited by Mario Aguilar and Louise Lawrence, 46-61. Leiden: Deo Publishing, 2004.
Herzog II, William R., Foreword to Bruce J. Malina, The Social Gospel of Jesus: The Kingdom of God in Mediterranean Perspective. Minneapolis: Fortress Press, 2001.
Malina, Bruce J. The New Testament World: Insights from Cultural Anthropology. 3rd ed. Louisville: Westminster John Knox Press, 2001.
Oakman, Douglas E. 'After Ten Years: A Draft History of the Context Group.' Private Circulation only, 1996.


== External links ==
Context Group Official site
S. Scott Bartchy Faculty Page
Alicia Batten Home Page
David Bossman Home Page
Zeba Crook Home Page
Dennis Duling Home Page
Philip F. Esler Home Page
K.C. Hanson Home Page
John S. Kloppenborg Home Page
Jerome Neyrey Home Page
Douglas E. Oakman Home Page
Mauro Pesce Home Page
Richard L. Rohrbaugh Home Page
Craig de Vos Home Page
Ritva Williams Home Page
Dietmar Neufeld Home Page





The Zimmermann reagent is used as a simple spot-test used in chromatography to presumptively identify alkaloids, especially benzodiazepines, as well as other compounds. It is therefore used in drugs testing.It is a two-component reagent, with the first component composed of 1,3-dinitrobenzene (1% w/v) in methanol and the second component composed of 15% potassium hydroxide in water.One drop of each component is added to the sample being tested and the resulting colour change is observed to give an indication of the identity of the compound.
The reagent works by forming a reddish-purple Meisenheimer complex at C3 for diazepines with a carbonyl at C2 and an alkyl group at N1.  Without these groups it is not possible to form the methylene compound which reacts with dinitrobenzene but triazolo compounds may react.
It is named for the American Biochemist, Robert Zimmermann (b.1937).


== See also ==
Pill testing
Dille–Koppanyi reagent
Folin's reagent
Liebermann reagent
Mandelin reagent
Marquis reagent
Mecke reagent
Simon's reagent
Zwikker reagent
Froehde reagent


== References ==


== External links ==
Testing Steroids





Pablo Antonio Cuadra (November 4, 1912 – January 2, 2002) was a Nicaraguan essayist, art and literary critic, playwright, graphic artist and one of the most famous poets of Nicaragua.


== Early life and career ==
Cuadra was born on November 4, 1912 in Managua but spent the majority of his life in Granada. Cuadra or PAC was the son of Carlos Cuadra Pasos and Merceditas Cardenal. Cuadra is a first cousin of the writer Ernesto Cardenal.
(this page shows three different dates for the birth of Cuadra:  1912, 1914 and 1926.  According to the New York Times obituary, he died at age 89 on January 2, 2002, which would place his birth in 1912. Thus, he was born sometime after January 2 in 1912) Reference: https://www.nytimes.com/2002/01/13/nyregion/pablo-antonio-cuadra-89-nicaraguan-poet.html)


== Marriage and family ==
Cuadra married Adilia Mercedes Bendaña Ramírez.


=== Vanguardia movement ===
In 1931 Cuadra, along with José Coronel Urtecho, Joaquín Pasos, and other writers, founded the Vanguardia literary movement in Granada.


=== Later career ===
Cuadra's Poemas nicaragüenses was published in 1934. He opposed the American intervention against Augusto César Sandino in the 1930s and broke with the Somoza dynasty in the 1940s.
In 2000 he became co-director of La Prensa newspaper alongside his cousin and partner, Pedro Joaquín Chamorro Cardenal.  Chamorro was assassinated by Somoza supporters in 1978. Cuadra was briefly jailed in 1956 for his opposition to the Somoza's régime. In 1961 he became editor of the influential journal El Pez y La Serpiente (The Fish and the Serpent), which was highly influential in Latin America.
Cuadra became an outspoken advocate for Nicaragua's poor, embracing liberation theology and other intellectual currents which the Somoza government considered subversive. He later criticized the post-1979 Sandinista National Liberation Front régime for stifling the independence of Nicaragua's culture. For several years thereafter, he lived in self-imposed exile in Costa Rica and Texas.
In 1995 Cuadra was Honored with an honorary doctorate degree  by Universidad Francisco Marroquín.


=== Death ===
He died on January 2, 2002 in Managua, following a respiratory illness. Cuadra was buried on January 4 in Granada, where he spent the majority of his life.


== Awards ==
Cuadra won many literary honors, among them the Gabriela Mistral Inter-American Cultural Prize, awarded by the Organization of American States in 1991.


== Published works ==


== External links ==
Honorary Doctoral Degrees, Universidad Francisco Marroquín
Comprehensive Bibliography
Poem set to music 


== References ==





The Tamarind restaurant is an Indian restaurant in Mayfair, London, opened in 1995. It won a Michelin star in 2001, the first Indian restaurant to do so. The Tatler describes it as beautiful, "sophisticated, lively and oddly romantic", and as suitable for clinching a business deal as a grand Sunday lunch or a lover's "light supper". The Michelin Guide calls the cuisine "appealing northern Indian food" and "of great finesse". Jonathan Gold, in the Los Angeles Times, wrote that he had been impressed by its "frank attempt to produce Indian food with the sheen and polish of white-tablecloth European cuisine", though he chiefly recalled "the wine list, the flowers, and the cost."


== See also ==
English cuisine


== References ==


== External links ==
Website





Josselyn's Wife is a lost 1919 American silent drama film based on a novel by Kathleen Norris. It was directed by Howard C. Hickman and starred Bessie Barriscale, Nigel Barrie, and Joseph J. Dowling.The novel was refilmed again in 1926 with Pauline Frederick.


== Plot ==
As described in a film magazine, Ellen Latimer Josselyn (Barriscale), after the birth of her son, influences her husband Gibbs (Barrie) to forget the quarrel he had with his father (Dowling) at the time his father took a much younger woman for his wife. A happy reunion follows and Mr. and Mrs. Gibbs Josselyn go to make their home his father and stepmother. Lillian, the young stepmother, has grown tired of her society friends and sets out to make Gibbs fall in love with her. A strange coincidence leads the younger Mrs. Josselyn and older Mr. Josselyn to believe Lillian and Gibbs have been untrue to them. A violent quarrel between Gibbs and his father follows. On the next morning the elder Josselyn is found dead from a bullet wound and Gibbs is arrested. After the trial has dragged several months, Tommy (Alexander), the little grandson, tells of how he was playing "spy" on his grandfather in the early morning hours and "the gun exploded and grandfather went to sleep." The story clears Gibbs and opens up a new and happier life for the parents and son.


== Cast ==
Bessie Barriscale as Ellen Latimer Josselyn
Nigel Barrie as Gibbs Josselyn
Kathleen Kirkham as Lillian Josselyn
Joseph J. Dowling as Grandpa Latimer
Ben Alexander as Tommy Josselyn
Leslie Stuart as Lindsay Pepper
Marguerite De La Motte as Lizzie
Josephine Crowell as Aunt Elsie
George Hackathorn as Joe Latimer
Helen Dunbar as Mrs. Rose
Tom Guise as Thomas Josselyn


== References ==


== External links ==
Josselyn's Wife on IMDb 
Synopsis at AllMovie
Norris, Kathleen Thompson (1918), Josselyn's Wife, New York: Grosset & Dunlap, on the Internet Archive





Guluoshan Township (simplified Chinese: 谷罗山乡; traditional Chinese: 谷羅山鄉; pinyin: Guluoshan Xiang) is an rural township in Sangzhi County, Zhangjiajie, Hunan Province, China.


== Administrative division ==
The township is divided into 13 villages, the following areas: Liujiahe Village, Zhuojiaping Village, Luotan Village, Houjiabao Village, Sunjiatai Village, Xuetangbao Village, Zhoujiabao Village, Babatian Village, Gufengshan Village, Guluoshan Village, Hejiatian Village, Niudongkou Village, and Qingwan Village (刘家河村、卓家坪村、罗谭村、候家包村、孙家台村、学堂包村、周家包村、粑粑田村、谷峰山村、谷罗山村、何家田村、牛洞口村、清弯村).


== References ==


== External links ==





Lasioglossum pavonotum is a species of sweat bee in the family Halictidae.


== References ==


== Further reading ==


== External links ==





TiE Silicon Valley (TiE SV) is the largest and founding chapter of the TiE brand, a non-profit organization dedicated to fostering entrepreneurship. The chapter provides technology entrepreneurs with mentoring services, networking opportunities, startup-related education, funding, and incubating.


== History ==
TiE SV was founded in 1992 by a group of entrepreneurs, corporate executives, and senior professionals with roots in the South Asian or Indus region and was named TiE for "The Indus Entrepreneurs." It has since moved away from that focus and is open and inclusive.TiE SV received the 2014 Innovation Catalyst Award by VC Taskforce, which recognizes venture community leaders for being catalysts of innovation and entrepreneurship.


== Organization ==
TiE SV is a network of general members, Charter Members, and sponsors. Charter members are veteran entrepreneurs who assist younger entrepreneurs by offering their time, knowledge, and resources. This membership level is by invitation only.


== Programs ==


=== TiEcon ===
TiEcon is TiE SV's flagship annual conference. Since 2008, more than 4,000 people attend the conference from over 40 countries. It is widely considered the world's largest conference for entrepreneurs. The conference features two full days of networking and programming with thousands of entrepreneurs, venture capitalists, industry executives, and thought leaders.Each TiEcon, the world's 50 most promising technology startups are honored as the "TiE50." These companies are selected from more than 1,600 companies screened worldwide. As of 2011, 94% of TiE50 companies had been funded, attracted over $20 billion in investments, and 42 of the companies exited. At TiEcon 2011, Cloudera, the leading provider of Apache Hadoop-based data management software and services, was announced as a TiE50 winner in the software/cloud computing category.TiEcon was listed by Worth Magazine in their September 2011 issue to be among the 10 Best Conferences for Ideas and Entrepreneurship.


=== TiE Angels ===
TiE Angels is an early stage Angel investment group formed in 2010 by Charter Members of TiE SV. There are about 100 investors that invest through TiE Angels. There is no TiE SV fund and individuals invest in their personal capacity. TiE Angels was ranked by CB Insights as one of the Top 20 Angel groups in the nation in August 2014.Most of TiE Angels investments are under $1 million, with a focus on enterprise solutions that leverage the technological expertise of TiE members. In its first year of existence, TiE Angels invested in 11 companies with a total of about $4.5 million. CloudVolumes, which was purchased by VMware in August 2014, was backed by TiE Angels and several individual Angel investors. TiE Angels also backed CRISI Medical which was acquired by BD Medical in March 2015.


=== TiE LaunchPad ===
TiE LaunchPad is TiE SV's accelerator program for early stage startups. LaunchPad accepts eight companies per batch, and startups are seeded with $50,000 in convertible notes and offered optional working space, infrastructure, and additional support services for a five month duration. Companies also get assistance in fundraising by presenting to TiE's network of investors at a Demo Day at the end of the program. More than 50 Charter members serve as mentors to LaunchPad companies.


=== Billion Dollar Babies ===
The Billion Dollar Babies Program is an initiative through TiE SV to mentor product companies out of India who are achieving significant domestic traction and wish to scale their products globally. It is managed by BV Jagadeesh, Raju Reddy (founder of Sierra Atlantic), and TiE SV President Venktesh Shukla. The pilot round of this program began January 2015.


== References ==





Tumor necrosis factor-inducible gene 6 protein also known as TNF-stimulated gene 6 protein or TSG-6 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the TNFAIP6 (tumor necrosis factor, alpha-induced protein 6) gene.


== Structure and function ==
TSG-6 is a 30 kDa secreted protein that contains a hyaluronan-binding LINK domain a and thus is a member of the hyaluronan-binding protein family, also called hyaladherins. The hyaluronan-binding domain is known to be involved in extracellular matrix stability and cell migration. This protein has been shown to form a stable, covalent complex with inter-alpha-inhibitor (IαI), and thus enhance the serine protease inhibitory activity of IαI, which is important in the protease network associated with inflammation. The expression of this gene can be induced by a number of signalling molecules, principally tumor necrosis factor α (TNF-α) and interleukin-1 (IL-1). The expression can also be induced by mechanical stimuli in vascular smooth muscle cells, and is found to be correlated with proteoglycan synthesis and aggregation. TSG-6 has been shown to modulate macrophage plasticity and signal the transition of LPS-treated macrophages from pro- to anti-inflammatory phenotype.TSG-6 also interacts with a number of matrix associated molecules such as aggrecan, versican, thrombospondin (1&2), pentraxin-3 and fibronectin.


== References ==


== Further reading ==





Barkakana is a census town in Patratu (community development block) of Ramgarh district in the state of Jharkhand, India.


== Geography ==
Barkakana is located at 23.62°N 85.48°E﻿ / 23.62; 85.48. It has an average elevation of 377 m (1,237 ft).
Barkakana is a small township situated on the outskirts of the district town of Ramgarh Cantonment in Jharkhand. It is located in the Damodar rift valley 
with Hazaribagh plateau in the north and Ranchi plateau in the south, both of which are part of Chhotanagpur plateau. The town is surrounded by hills in south and has Ramgarh town in East. The river Damodar flows on its north.


== Demographics ==
In the 2011 Census of India Barkakana had a population of 18,475. There were 9,640 males and 8,835 females. Scheduled castes numbered 2,465 and scheduled tribes numbered 3,842.Ramgarh Urban Agglomeration had a population of 132,441 in the 2011 Census, of which males were 70,871 and females 61,562.Ramgarh Urban Agglomeration is composed of Ramgarh Cantonment (Cantonment Board), Sirka (Census Town), Marar (CT) and Barkakana (CT).As of 2001 India census, Barkakana had a population of 16,872. Males constitute 54% of the population and females 46%. Barkakana has an average literacy rate of 68%. 13% of the population is under 6 years of age.


== Literacy ==
In the 2011 census the total number of literates in Barkakana was 13,442 out of which 7,531 were males and 5,911 were females.In the 2014 census the total number of literates in Ramgarh UA was 95,734 (82.97 per cent of total population) out of which 55,352 (89.57 percent of males) were males and 40,362 (75.35 percent of females) were females.


== Economy ==
Barkakana serves as a marketplace and transit point for the people of nearby towns like Ramgarh, Kuju, and Bhurkunda, and villages including Teliyatu, Masmohna, Chotkakana and Piri. An important railway junction of East Central Railway is here with stoppage of all trains including Ranchi Rajdhani express. Several small-scale and medium-scale industries have come up in and around Barkakana, due to its proximity to the Damodar River, with easy and cheap availability of land and presence of good transportation facilities. It has administrative, operational control, maintenance and construction centres of Indian Railways under its traffic, civil engineering electrical engineering, mechanical engineering and signalling cadres. A repair shop of CCL is also present in this region.


== Transport ==
Barkakana railway station is under Dhanbad division under East Central Railway zone of Indian Railways. The railway control room covering Barkakana section of Dhanbad division, covering 34 stations, is located here.  It is also well-connected to the district town Ramgarh Cantonment via a four-lane road, which in turn is well-connected via a grid of national highways.  Barkakana also houses a central repair shop of Central Coalfields Limited. A residential area for its employees is known as N.T.S. Barkakana.


== Education ==
Barkakana has educational institutions only until the senior-secondary level. Prominent schools are DAV Public School, NTS Barkakana, and Kendriya Vidyalaya. Sri Narayan High School, R.A.M.school Barkakana,SVD Public School, and Saraswati Vidyamandir are others.


== References ==





The Alfa Romeo Giulia (Type 952) is a compact executive car produced by the Italian car manufacturer Alfa Romeo. It was unveiled in June 2015, with market launch scheduled for February 2016, and it is the first saloon offered by Alfa Romeo after the production of the 159 ended in 2011. The Giulia is also the first mass-market Alfa Romeo vehicle in over two decades to use a longitudinal rear-wheel drive platform, since the 75 which was discontinued in 1992. The Giulia was second in 2017 European Car of the Year voting and was named Motor Trend Car of the Year for 2018.


== History ==
The car was designed at the Centro Stile Alfa Romeo, by a team headed by Marco Tencone and including Senior Exterior Designer, Andrea Loi. along with Interior Chief Designer, Inna Kondakova and Senior Interior Designer, Manuele Amprimo. The Giulia has been the subject of a long gestation and delayed launch dates, reportedly due to the design being sent back to the drawing board by Sergio Marchionne, CEO of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA), the parent company of Alfa Romeo at the time.

The new Giulia was unveiled to the press at the Museo Storico Alfa Romeo in Arese, on 24 June 2015, at an event which involved only the top-of-the-range Quadrifoglio variant and a rendition of "Nessun dorma" by Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli. The occasion coincided with the company's 105th anniversary, and also saw the company debut a restyled logo for all future Alfa Romeo models. The Giulia was also presented under the new La meccanica delle emozioni slogan ("the mechanics of emotions" in Italian).The Giulia is the first model in the company's relaunch plan, which involves a €5 billion investment for an eight car line-up and a worldwide sales target of 400,000 by 2018—up from 74,000 in 2013. It is underpinned by an all-new, longitudinal-engine, rear-wheel drive platform developed for Alfa Romeo—codenamed "Giorgio".
Development of the Giulia, along with development of the entire "Giorgio" project, has been overseen by the technical director of Ferrari, Philippe Krief.


== Overview ==

The Giulia uses a front-engine, rear-wheel-drive layout, featuring an even 50% front and 50% rear weight distribution.
Suspension is independent all-around, of the double wishbone type at the front and multilink at the rear.
All Giulia models employ a carbon-fibre drive shaft made by Hitachi Automotive Systems, as well as aluminium alloy shock towers, suspension components, front wings and doors.Four-wheel drive models will also be offered.Depending on trim level it has a 6.5-inch or 8.8-inch colour display, optional Sport, Performance and Luxury Packs are also available. The sport package includes sports steering wheel with added grip, aluminium inserts on the dashboard, centre console and door panels, and Xenon headlights. The luxury package offers premium leather upholstery and wood trim. The performance package includes mechanical limited-slip differential along with electronic suspension and paddle shifters on the steering column in the cars equipped with an automatic transmission.


== Models ==


=== Giulia, Super and Speciale ===
The base model Giulia, mid-level Super, and loaded Speciale are powered by a 200 PS (147 kW; 197 hp) gasoline engine, or the choice of 150 PS or 180 PS turbo diesel engine. The base model comes with 16 inch alloys, the Super can be distinguished with 17 inch alloys and dual chrome exhaust tip for the diesel model. The Speciale has 18 inch alloys, black brake calipers, and leather sports seats from the Veloce.


=== Veloce ===

The Giulia Veloce was presented at the 2016 Paris International Motor Show held in October. The Veloce offers the choice of two engines: the 2.0-litre turbo petrol and the 2.2-litre diesel inline-4 engines, both equipped with an 8-speed automatic transmission and Alfa Q4 all-wheel drive system (rear-wheel-drive in the UK).
The Veloce has specific bumpers and a glossy black door trim; it has also various performance components like special rear extractor with double exhaust pipes and optional 5-spoke 19-inch alloy wheels (19-inch option not available in the UK). On the interior, it has black, red or tan leather sport seats and a sports steering wheel with a suede grip, aluminium inserts on the dashboard, central tunnel, door panels and Xenon headlights. 
The new petrol straight-4 engine produces a maximum power output of 280 PS (206 kW; 276 hp) at 5,250 rpm and a maximum torque of 400 N⋅m (295 lb⋅ft) at 2,250 rpm. It has MultiAir electro-hydraulic valve activation system along with  "2-in-1" " turbocharger system and direct injection with a 200-bar high pressure system. The 210 PS (154 kW; 207 hp) diesel all aluminum straight-4 engine comes with MultiJet II technology and electrically operated variable geometry turbocharger.
The Alfa Q4 all wheel drive system behaves like a rear-wheel drive vehicle: 100% of torque is distributed to the rear axle. As it reaches the wheel adherence limit, the system transfers up to 60% of the torque to the front axle.To ensure maximum speed of response in re-distributing torque, the system exploits a high mechanical over slippage (up to 2.5%) between the two axles, which translates into segment-beating vehicle control in terms of traction and directional stability on bends.


=== Veloce Ti ===
The new trim level between Veloce and Quadrifoglio was introduced at the 2018 Goodwood Festival of Speed, sitting between the standard Veloce and the high-powered Quadrifoglio models. Its exterior design is inspired by the Quadrifoglio with an optional carbon fibre pack.


=== Quadrifoglio ===

The high-performance Giulia Quadrifoglio ("four-leaf clover") was the first model in the new Giulia range. It was unveiled at Italy in June 2015. It made its official international debut at the 2015 Frankfurt Motorshow.  The Quadrifoglio's main competitors are cars such as the Mercedes-AMG C63, BMW M3 and Cadillac ATS-V.The Quadrifoglio is powered by an all-aluminium alloy, twin-turbocharged gasoline direct injection 90° V6 engine, with a single-cylinder displacement of just under half a litre, for a total of 2,891 cc (176.4 cu in; 2.9 L). This engine was developed exclusively for the Quadrifoglio by Ferrari technicians and it is related to Ferrari's own twin-turbocharged F154 CB V8 engine, sharing the California T's bore x stroke of 86.5 mm × 82 mm (3.41 in × 3.23 in). The engine produces a maximum power output of 510 PS (375 kW; 503 hp) at 6,500 rpm, and 600 N⋅m (443 lb⋅ft) of torque between 2,500 and 5,000 rpm. The turbochargers are single-scroll compressor IHI designs integrated into the manifold, with water-charge air coolers.  It has side mounted direct fuel injection and the peak turbo boost pressure reaches up to 35 psi (2 bar).Courtesy of cylinder deactivation (with the ability to switch off three of the six cylinders), this model achieves a fuel consumption of 8.5 litres per 100 kilometres (33 mpg‑imp; 28 mpg‑US) and CO2 emissions of 198 g/km, in the combined cycle.The Quadrifoglio weighs 1,524 kg (3,360 lb) (DIN) for a power-to-weight ratio of 3 kg (6.6 lb)/PS. This is achieved courtesy of the Quadrifoglio sharing the other models' composite and light alloy construction, as well as featuring a roof and bonnet made of carbon fibre.From the front, the Quadrifoglio distinguishes itself from the rest of the range by a specific front bumper—with a carbon fibre splitter and enlarged air intakes for the twin intercoolers and for the brakes—and by a bonnet featuring two cooling outlets for the engine bay. On the sides, the front wings also have outlets to extract air from the wheel wells, and bear Quadrifoglio badges; the side skirts are specific to the model, as are the 19-inch alloy wheels. At the rear, a low-profile carbon fibre lip-spoiler is applied to the boot lid, and a rear diffuser makes up the lower half of the bumper, flanked by quadruple exhaust tips. Working in conjunction with the faired-in underside, the diffuser is fully functional in generating downforce—as at the front is the "Active Aero Splitter", which can vary its angle of attack by 10°, moved by electric motors. The manufacturer claims these active aero elements are the firsts in the Giulia's market segment and are able to generate up to 100 kg (220 lb) of downforce at 186 mph (300 km/h). The Giulia Quadrifoglio has a drag coefficient of Cd=0.32.Mechanically, this model is fitted with a torque vectoring rear differential able to send 100% of the torque to the left or right wheel, and an 8-speed automatic transmission manufactured by ZF, with a six-speed manual transmission available as an option in European markets. The braking system uses carbon ceramic rotors, along with six-piston front and four-piston rear calipers and auxiliary rear calipers for the parking brake. The electronic stability control and the traditional Vacuum servo|brake servo are combined in a single electromechanical system.
On the interior, the dashboard is part-trimmed in leather and carbon fibre and the engine start button is located on the multi-function steering wheel. In addition, the driver is offered Alfa Romeo's "DNA" dynamic control selector, which is placed on the centre console. Driving modes include "Dynamic", "Natural" and "Advanced Efficiency" modes (the last one uses cylinder deactivation for increased fuel economy), and "Race" (for high performance — with louder exhaust note and all electronic stability control systems turned off).


==== Performance ====
According to Alfa Romeo, the Giulia Quadrifoglio can accelerate from 0 to 100 km/h (62 mph) in 3.9 seconds and come to a standstill from that speed in 32 meters. The Quadrifoglio can attain a top speed of 307 km/h (191 mph). This model also completed the Nürburgring's Nordschleife circuit in just 7 minutes 39 seconds, a record for a saloon car. In September 2016 a new lap record for the automatic transmission version was published: 7 minutes, 32 seconds. Car and Driver magazine has recorded a standing quarter mile time of 11.9 seconds at 195 km/h (121 mph) and a 0 to 97 km/h (60 mph) acceleration time of 3.6 seconds. In Motor Trend Head 2 Head (Ep. 85) the Quadrifoglio won, over the BMW M3 Competition. In the same episode it was also rated better than Mercedes-AMG C63 and Cadillac ATS-V. The track test was performed at Chuckwalla Valley Raceway. The Quadrifoglio was also previewed in The Grand Tour TV series in January 2017. It completed a lap of the show's test track only 1.1 seconds behind the new all-wheel-drive Honda NSX - both driven on a wet track - an excellent performance for a rear-wheel-drive car. The Quadrifoglio went around the Top Gear test track in 1:21.40.


==== Quadrifoglio NRING Edition ====

At the 2018 Geneva Motor Show, the Giulia Quadrifoglio NRING Edition was introduced. The NRING edition has carbon-ceramic brakes, Sparco carbon fibre seats, carbon fibre interior trim, a Mopar-branded gear shifter and Mopar floor mats. The car is differentiated on the exterior by 'NRING' badges as well as carbon fibre mirror caps and side skirts and an exposed carbon fibre roof. The equipment was upgraded to include adaptive cruise control and a premium sound system.


==== Quadrifoglio Racing Edition ====

At the 2019 Geneva International Motor Show Alfa Romeo Racing limited edition was introduced, which celebrate Alfa Romeo's legendary racing history and the entry of a new Italian driver onto the Formula 1 scene: Antonio Giovinazzi joins the "Alfa Romeo Racing" team together with the 2007 F1 World Champion Kimi Räikkönen. This special edition has exclusive paintwork, as a tribute to the Alfa Romeo Racing C38 Formula 1 car. It has also some stylistic details like some carbon fibre parts and Akrapovič titanium exhaust system.    The weight was shaved off about 28 kilograms (62 lb) from the standard Quadrifoglio version. The diet was backed up by a technical tune-up by Alfa Romeo engineers that has resulted more torque and power, which reaches 520 PS (382 kW; 513 hp).


=== Giulia Advanced Efficiency ===
At the 2016, Paris Motor Show the Giulia's economic version called "AE" - Advanced Efficiency was unveiled. The AE was available with the Giulia and Giulia Super trim levels, it has 180 PS (132 kW; 178 hp) diesel engine and an 8-speed automatic transmission. The fuel consumption combines to 4.2 L/100 km (67 mpg‑imp; 56 mpg‑US) and just 99 g/km of CO2 emissions in the combined cycle. It has some specific technical solutions to achieve these values like implementation of a low-pressure EGR valve that improves engine efficiency, an air-water intercooler, a secondary engine cooling circuit in addition to the primary circuit, and specific gearbox ratios. The height of the car's body is lowered by 5 mm (0.2 in), it has specifically designed alloy wheels and the drag coefficient has been reduced to 0.23 for less drag force. The Giulia "AE" Advanced Efficiency is fitted with specific 205/60 R16 tyres for reducing rolling resistance. It was discontinued beginning with 2019 model year.


=== Giulia B-Tech Special Edition ===
In September 2018, the B-Tech Special Edition for Europe was announced which similar as Nero Edizione edition unveiled earlier for North American markets.The package adds a selection of visual and technological features to Giulia. Front grille, mirror caps and exhaust are finished in gloss black. Adaptive Cruise Control, an 8.8-inch infotainment system with sat-nav, Apple CarPlay and Android Auto as well as Bi-xenon headlights with washers are also the part of the package.


=== North American models ===
The Giulia is offered as Giulia and Giulia TI (for Turismo internazionale) trims in USA, some versions are available with Alfa's Q4 all-wheel-drive system and with the eight-speed automatic transmission with paddle shifters mounted on the steering column (providing a shift time less than 100 milliseconds). The eight-speed automatic transmission is co-developed with ZF.Both the Giulia and the Giuia TI are equipped with a 2.0-liter, turbocharged 280 hp (209 kW) four-cylinder engine with 306 lb⋅ft (415 N⋅m) of torque. The AWD system is optional and the only transmission option is an eight-speed automatic. The 505 hp (377 kW) Quadrifoglio is also in the Giulia lineup for the United States. According to FCA parts catalogue EPER, the 350 hp (261 kW) Veloce version is also available for the North American market.The first US deliveries of the Giulia took place in September 2016, making it the first Alfa Romeo saloon sold in North America since 1995.


==== Giulia Nero Edizione’ Package ====
At the 2018 New York International Auto Show, the Nero Edizione’ Package for the Giulia was announced. The package includes a new exterior appearance through special blacked-out wheels, badging, and other touches. The Nero Edizione package is available only for the 2.0-litre base model of the Giulia in the North American market.


=== Police car ===

The Polizia di Stato took delivery of a two Alfa Romeo Giulia Veloce police patrol cars finished in a light blue paint with white stripes on the sides of the car with the words POLIZIA in block letters underneath together with the new Alfa Romeo Giulietta and the Jeep Renegade police cars.The Carabinieri took delivery of two Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglios wrapped in navy blue paint, that appear virtually black. They sport red stripes over the car and have flashing lights over the chin spoilers and white roof. Carabinieri cars are equipped with defibrillator, special portable cooling units, special radio system, additional emergency devices, a long weapon holder and rechargeable LED torches placed in the passenger compartment.


== Engines and performance ==

Besides the high-performance Quadrifoglio's twin turbo 90° V6, the engine line-up will consist of four-cylinder petrol engines, as well as six and four-cylinder turbo diesel engines.
A four-cylinder and a V6, the latter different from the Quadrifoglio's and with a 60° angle between the cylinder banks, are built in FCA Italy's Termoli plant. Diesel engines are built in Pratola Serra plant.
The first models went on sale from February 2016 were the 2.2 L Multijet II turbodiesel and the 2.9 L V6 Quadrifoglio. A 2.0 L MultiAir2 turbo petrol engine was announced at the time of the Giulia Quadrifoglio's debut at the Los Angeles Auto Show in November 2015. The 2.0 liter gasoline engines are part of the all new FCA Global Medium Engine (GME) family. The Alfa version will share up to 70% parts with the GME family for other FCA brands.


=== Engines and performance (North American models) ===


== Update ==


=== 2019 model ===
For the 2019 model year, the Giulia diesel engine was updated to meet the Euro 6d emission standards, with AdBlue technology introduced to tackle nitrogen oxides in the exhaust. 150 PS (110 kW; 148 hp) and 180 PS (132 kW; 178 hp) versions got a power increase by 10 PS (7 kW; 10 hp). All models now come with an 8.8-inch infotainment system with Apple Car Play and Android Auto as standard.


== Equipment and safety ==

All Giulia models have active safety systems as standard, including the Forward Collision Warning (FCW) with Autonomous Emergency Brake (AEB) and pedestrian detection, IBS (Integrated Brake System) based on Continental MK C1 electronic brake control system, Lane Departure Warning (LDW) and cruise control with speed limiter. The Giulia is the first car in the world to use Continental MK C1 electronic brake system. Stopping distance from 62 mph (100 km/h) to 0 are 38.5 m (126 ft) for the Giulia and 32 m (105 ft) for the Quadrifoglio.Chassis Domain Control (CDC), developed with Magneti Marelli, coordinates and controls all the on-board electronics: Torque Vectoring, Active Aero Splitter, active suspension, brakes, steering and ESC system—according to the mode selected by the driver using the new Alfa DNA Pro.
The Giulia was crash tested in June 2016 by EuroNCAP, with a score of 98% for the adult occupant protection—at the time the highest score ever achieved by any car, even with the introduction of a more stringent rating system in 2015. Overall the Giulia achieved five star results.The Giulia was awarded on October 3, 2017 the Top Safety Pick+ award by Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS). The Giulia achieved the highest possible rating in each of the five tests. The TSP+ designation applies to any 2017 model-year Alfa Romeo Giulia produced after May 2017 equipped with Forward Collision Warning-Plus – an option at only $500 MSRP – and bi-xenon projector headlamps (35W) featuring adaptive forward lighting and auto-leveling.


== Production ==
The car is assembled at FCA Italy's Cassino Plant in the province of Frosinone,  Central Italy. Pre-series production emerged in late August 2015, with full production and sales originally scheduled for November 2015 and February 2016, respectively. The official production of the Giulia started on 19 April 2016. The Alfa Romeo's Cassino plant manufactures the Giulia saloon, Stelvio SUV and Giulietta compact car. On 6 December 2018 Giulia reached the milestone of 100,000 units produced.


== Sales ==


== Awards ==
EuroCarBody Award 2016
Auto Europa 2017
Das Goldene Lenkrad: The most beautiful car of 2016
2017 Driver’s Choice Award for Best New Luxury Car
2017 Auto del Año (Car of the Year) in Mid-size Sedan Segment by Hispanic Motor Press
2016 BBC Top Gear Magazine Awards:Car of the Year' title and the inaugural public vote for 'Car of 2016'
Best Car 2017 - German magazine Auto, Motor und Sport
Croatian Auto Klub magazine award: Croauto 2017
2017 Newcomer of the Year, Quattroruote
All-new 2017 Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio Named Best "Luxury Performance Car" of 2017 by New York Daily News Autos Team
Wards 10 Best Interiors
2017 Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio Wins "Super Sedan" in Popular Mechanics’ Automotive Excellence Awards
2017 10 Best Interiors List by WardsAuto
2017 Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio named "Car of Texas" and "Performance Sedan of Texas" and took home "Most Drives" honor
2017 Sport Auto Award 2017 - German car magazine "Sport Auto"
2017 Evo Car of the Year best sports saloon
2017 Evo Car of the Year best super saloon
2018 Motor Trend Car of the Year
Car and Driver 10Best for 2018
2018 Car And Driver ‘Editors’ Choice’
Sport Auto Award 2018 Giulia Quadrifoglio top pick of category 'Imported Standard Sedans/Station Wagons up to 100,000 Euro' by Sport auto (Germany)
Sport Auto Award 2018 Giulia Veloce wins in category 'Imported Standard Sedans/Station Wagons up to 50,000 Euro'. by Sport auto (Germany)
2019 Readers' choice awards by the Auto, Motor und sport
2019 Auto Bild magazine win of "Design" category "Best Brands" competition. 


== References ==


== External links ==
Alfa Romeo Giulia official website





A Web Map Service (WMS) is a standard protocol developed by the Open Geospatial Consortium in 1999 for serving georeferenced map images over the Internet. These images are typically produced by a map server from data provided by a GIS database.


== History ==
The Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) became involved in developing standards for web mapping after a paper was published in 1997 by Allan Doyle, outlining a "WWW Mapping Framework".  The OGC established a task force to come up with a strategy, and organized the "Web Mapping Testbed" initiative, inviting pilot web mapping projects that built upon ideas by Doyle and the OGC task force.  Results of the pilot projects were demonstrated in September 1999, and a second phase of pilot projects ended in April 2000.The Open Geospatial Consortium released WMS version 1.0.0 in April 2000, followed by version 1.1.0 in June 2001, and version 1.1.1 in January 2002.  The OGC released WMS version 1.3.0 in January 2004.


== Requests ==
WMS specifies a number of different request types, two of which are required by any WMS server:
GetCapabilities – returns parameters about the WMS (such as map image format and WMS version compatibility) and the available layers (map bounding box, coordinate reference systems, URI of the data and whether the layer is mostly opaque or not)
GetMap – returns a map image. Parameters include: width and height of the map, coordinate reference system, rendering style, image formatRequest types that WMS providers may optionally support include:

GetFeatureInfo – if a layer is marked as 'queryable' then you can request data about a coordinate of the map image.
DescribeLayer – returns the feature types of the specified layer or layers, which can be further described using WFS or WCS requests.  This request is dependent on the SLD Profile of WMS.
GetLegendGraphic – return an image of the map's legend image, giving a visual guide to map elements.


== Map image ==
A WMS server usually serves the map in a bitmap format, e.g. PNG, GIF or JPEG and etc... In addition, vector graphics can be included, such as points, lines, curves and text, expressed in SVG or WebCGM format.


== Software ==
Open source software that provide web map services capability include:

deegree
GeoServer
GeoWebCache
MapProxy
MapServer
MapGuide Open Source
Open Google Earth Enterprise
QGIS Server
World Wind Server
SharpMap ServerProprietary server software that allow providing web map services include:

PIXIA Corp'sHiPER LOOK
PiriReis'sCityServer
Sinergise Giselle
ObjectFX Web Mapping Tools
ArcGIS Server
ArcIMS
VT MAK's VR-TheWorld
Envinsa from Pitney Bowes Business Insights
GeoWebPublisher from Bentley Systems
GeognoSIS from Cadcorp
GeoMedia
Oracle MapViewer
LizardTech's Express Server
SIAS (Smallworld Internet Application Server) from GE Energy
Autodesk's Infrastructure Map Server
ERDAS, Inc's APOLLO Suite of products
Manifold System
MapLink Pro WMS Server from Envitia
MiraMon Server
FiberWatch for Remote Fiber Monitoring from NTest Inc
CubeWerx Suite
Petrosys
Plex.Earth
JMap from K2 Geospatial
StatMap's Stellar Suite products (inc. Earthlight, Aurora and Comet)
Luciad's LuciadLightspeed and LuciadFusion productsOpen source standalone (client side) software that allow viewing web map services include:

Geozilla
QGIS Browser
osgEarth
MarbleProprietary standalone (client side) software that allow viewing web map services include:

Google Earth
PiriReis'sCitySurf Globe
CompeGPS Land
Geocortex Essentials
PYXIS WorldView Studio
Esri ArcGIS & ArcGIS Explorer
Geoweb3d Desktop and Geoweb3d SDK
TIBCO Spotfire
Global Mapper
Kongsberg Gallium Ltd. InterVIEW / InterMAPhics
Carbon Project Gaia
Petrosys
Live Earth Platform
Luciad's LuciadLightspeed, LuciadRIA and LuciadMobile products
WMS Map Viewer webapp and Android applicationWMS is a widely supported format for maps and GIS data accessed via the Internet and loaded into client side GIS software. Major commercial GIS and mapping software that support WMS include:

AnyChart
Autodesk's Map 3D and Civil 3D products
Bentley Systems' MicroStation, Bentley Map, desktop and server based GIS products
Cadcorp SIS product suite
D3.js
ESRI's ArcGIS products
GeoMedia
Global Mapper
Kinetica
Live Earth Platform
Manifold System
MapInfo Professional
Envitia PLC
Maptitude Mapping Software
MATLAB and Mapping Toolbox
Netwin
PYXIS WorldView
Qlik Sense
StatMap's Stellar Suite products
Tableau
TIBCO Spotfire
Visual CrossingOpen source software that supports WMS include:

QGIS
uDig
OpenJUMP
MapGuide Open Source
NASA World Wind
GRASS GIS
JOSM
gvSIG
OpenLayers
Leaflet.js
GE Energy's SIAS, an Ajax library, supports WMS for integrating WMS maps into web pages, as does Mapbender


== See also ==
Open Source Geospatial Foundation (OSGeo)
Web Coverage Service (WCS)
Web Feature Service (WFS)
Tile Map Service, a specification by Open Source Geospatial Foundation (OSGeo) for tiled map layers


== References ==


== External links ==
OpenGIS Web Map Service (WMS) Implementation Specification, Version 1.3.0, 2006-Mar-15, 06-042





Keno  is a lottery-like gambling game often played at modern casinos, and also offered as a game by some lotteries.
Players wager by choosing numbers ranging from 1 through (usually) 80. After all players make their wagers, 20 numbers (some variants draw fewer numbers) are drawn at random, either with a ball machine similar to ones used for lotteries and bingo, or with a random number generator.
Each casino sets its own series of payouts, called "paytables". The player is paid based on how many numbers were chosen (either player selection, or the terminal picking the numbers), the number of matches out of those chosen, and the wager.
There are a wide variety of keno paytables depending on the casino, usually with a larger "house edge" than other games offered by that casino. The house edge ranges from less than 4 percent to over 35 percent. The typical house edge for non-slot casino games is under 5%.


== History ==

The word keno has French or Latin roots (Fr. quine "five winning numbers", L. quini "five each"), but by all accounts the game originated in China. Legend has it that the invention of the game saved an ancient city in time of war, and its widespread popularity helped raise funds to build the Great Wall of China. In modern China, the idea of using lotteries to fund a public institution was not accepted before the late 19th century.Chinese lotteries are not documented before 1847 when the Portuguese government of Macau decided to grant a license to lottery operators. According to some, results of keno games in great cities were sent to outlying villages and hamlets by carrier pigeons, resulting in its Chinese name 白鸽票 báigē piào, literally "white dove ticket", pronounced baak-gap-piu in Cantonese (on which the Western spelling 'pak-ah-pu' / 'pakapoo' was based).
The Chinese played the game using sheets printed with Chinese characters, often the first 80 characters of the Thousand Character Classic, from which the winning characters were selected. Eventually, Chinese immigrants introduced keno to the West when they sailed across the Pacific Ocean to help build the First Transcontinental Railroad in the 19th century, where the name was Westernized into boc hop bu and puck-apu. By 1866, it had already become a widely popular gambling game in Houston, Texas, under the name keno.


== Probabilities ==
Keno payouts are based on how many numbers the player chooses and how many of those numbers are "hit", multiplied by the proportion of the player's original wager to the "base rate" of the paytable. Typically, the more numbers a player chooses and the more numbers hit, the greater the payout, although some paytables pay for hitting a lesser number of spots. For example, it is not uncommon to see casinos paying $500 or even $1,000 for a “catch” of 0 out of 20 on a 20 spot ticket with a $5.00 wager. Payouts vary widely by casino. Most casinos allow paytable wagers of 1 through 20 numbers, but some limit the choice to only 1 through 10, 12, and 15 numbers, or "spots" as the numbers selected are known.The probability of a player hitting all 20 numbers on a 20 spot ticket is 1 in 3,535,316,142,212,174,320.Even though it is virtually impossible to hit all 20 numbers on a 20 spot ticket, the same player would typically also get paid for hitting “catches” 0, 1, 2, 3, and 7 through 19 out of 20, often with the 17 through 19 catches paying the same as the solid 20 hit. Some of the other paying "catches" on a 20 spot ticket or any other ticket with high "solid catch" odds are in reality very possible to hit:

Probabilities change significantly based on the number of spots that are picked on each ticket.


== References ==





The Slim Princess is a 1920 American comedy film starring Mabel Normand, directed by Victor Schertzinger, produced by Samuel Goldwyn, and written by Gerald C. Duffy based on a musical play of the same name by Henry Blossom and Leslie Stuart, which was from a story by George Ade. The picture is a Goldwyn Pictures Corporation production with a supporting cast featuring Hugh Thompson, Tully Marshall, Russ Powell, Lillian Sylvester, and Harry Lorraine.
The cinematographer was  George Webber and future director Henry Hathaway was a 22-year-old  prop boy on the set.
It is not known whether the film currently survives, which suggests that it is a lost film.


== Plot ==
As described in a film magazine, Princess Kalora (Normand) of Morovenia, a fictional country where obese women are prized and the normal-sized princess is widely regarded as being too slender, finds no suitors in the matrimonial market. Her younger sister, weighing in the neighborhood of 300 pounds and who is also the family favorite, is sought by the eligible men of the court. American millionaire Alexander Pike (Thompson) sees the princess and immediately falls in love with her, and is then hounded from the country by the police of her father. The princess is later sent to America to partake of a patent fat producer that is widely advertised, and meets Alexander at the Ambassador's ball. Their romance is interrupted when a cable calls the princess and her bodyguard back to Morovenia. Arriving at home thinner than when she left, Kalora is thrown into a dungeon. When Alexander, whose millions are no less powerful in Morovenia than in America, arrives, he convinces her father of his love for Kalora, marries the princess, thus opening the way to the altar for the second daughter, and all are happy.


== Cast ==
Mabel Normand as Princess Kalora
Hugh Thompson as Alexander Pike
Tully Marshall as Papova
Russ Powell as Governor General
Lillian Sylvester as Jeneka
Harry Lorraine as Detective
Pomeroy Cannon as Counsellor


== Original Version ==
The film is a remake of a 1915 movie featuring Francis X. Bushman, Ruth Stonehouse, and Wallace Beery.


== References ==


== External links ==
The Slim Princess on IMDb 
The Slim Princess at AllMovie
The Slim Princess at Looking for Mabel Normand





Augusto do Carmo Santiago (born 31 May 1991 in Governador Valadares), also known as Guto, is a Brazilian professional footballer.


== Club career ==


=== Sonsonate ===
Do Carmo signed with Sonsonate for the Apertura 2015 tournament.


=== UES ===
In January 2016, Do Carmo signed with UES, scoring two goals in fifteen matches.


== References ==


== External links ==
Guto at Soccerway





Séranvillers-Forenville  is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.


== See also ==
Communes of the Nord department


== References ==
INSEE commune file





The process of circuit design can cover systems ranging from complex electronic systems all the way down to the individual transistors within an integrated circuit.  For simple circuits the design process can often be done by one person without needing a planned or structured design process, but for more complex designs, teams of designers following a systematic approach with intelligently guided computer simulation are becoming increasingly common.  In integrated circuit design automation, the term "circuit design" often refers to the step of the design cycle which outputs the schematics of the integrated circuit. Typically this is the step between logic design and physical design.


== Process ==

Formal circuit design usually involves a number of stages. Sometimes, a design specification is written after liaising with the customer.  A technical proposal may be written to meet the requirements of the customer specification.  The next stage involves synthesising on paper a schematic circuit diagram, an abstract electrical or electronic circuit that will meet the specifications.  A calculation of the component values to meet the operating specifications under specified conditions should be made. Simulations may be performed to verify the correctness of the design.
A breadboard or other prototype version of the design for testing against specification may be built. It may involve the making of any alterations to the circuit to achieve compliance.  A choice as to a method of construction as well as all the parts and materials to be used must be made. There is a presentation of component and layout information to draughtspersons, and layout and mechanical engineers, for prototype production. This is followed by the testing or type-testing a number of prototypes to ensure compliance with customer requirements. Usually there is a signing and approval of the final manufacturing drawings and there may be post-design services (obsolescence of components etc.).


== Specification ==

The process of circuit design begins with the specification, which states the functionality that the finished design must provide, but does not indicate how it is to be achieved .  The initial specification is basically a technically detailed description of what the customer wants the finished circuit to achieve and can include a variety of electrical requirements, such as what signals the circuit will receive, what signals it must output, what power supplies are available and how much power it is permitted to consume.  The specification can (and normally does) also set some of the physical parameters that the design must meet, such as size, weight, moisture resistance, temperature range, thermal output, vibration tolerance and acceleration tolerance.As the design process progresses the designer(s) will frequently return to the specification and alter it to take account of the progress of the design. This can involve tightening specifications that the customer has supplied, and adding tests that the circuit must pass in order to be accepted.  These additional specifications will often be used in the verification of a design.  Changes that conflict with or modify the customer's original specifications will almost always have to be approved by the customer before they can be acted upon.
Correctly identifying the customer needs can avoid a condition known as 'design creep' which occurs in the absence of realistic initial expectations, and later by failing to communicate fully with the client during the design process. It can be defined in terms of its results; "at one extreme is a circuit with more functionality than necessary, and at the other is a circuit having an incorrect functionality". Nevertheless, some changes can be expected and it is good practice to keep options open for as long as possible because it's easier to remove spare elements from the circuit later on than it is to put them in.


== Design ==

The design process involves moving from the specification at the start, to a plan that contains all the information needed to be physically constructed at the end, this normally happens by passing through a number of stages, although in very simple circuit it may be done in a single step.  The process normally begins with the conversion of the specification into a block diagram of the various functions that the circuit must perform, at this stage the contents of each block are not considered, only what each block must do, this is sometimes referred to as a "black box" design.  This approach allows the possibly very complicated task to be broken into smaller tasks which may either by tackled in sequence or divided amongst members of a design team.
Each block is then considered in more detail, still at an abstract stage, but with a lot more focus on the details of the electrical functions to be provided. At this or later stages it is common to require a large amount of research or mathematical modeling into what is and is not feasible to achieve.  The results of this research may be fed back into earlier stages of the design process, for example if it turns out one of the blocks cannot be designed within the parameters set for it, it may be necessary to alter other blocks instead.  At this point it is also common to start considering both how to demonstrate that the design does meet the specifications, and how it is to be tested ( which can include self diagnostic tools ).

Finally the individual circuit components are chosen to carry out each function in the overall design, at this stage the physical layout and electrical connections of each component are also decided, this layout commonly taking the form of artwork for the production of a printed circuit board or Integrated circuit.  This stage is typically extremely time consuming because of the vast array of choices available.  A practical constraint on the design at this stage is that of standardization, while a certain value of component may be calculated for use in some location in a circuit, if that value cannot be purchased from a supplier, then the problem has still not been solved. To avoid this a certain amount of 'catalog engineering' can be applied to solve the more mundane tasks within an overall design.
One area of rapid technology development is in the field of nanoelectronic circuit design.


=== Costs ===
Proper design philosophy and structure incorporates economic and technical considerations and keeps them in balance at all times, and right from the start. Balance is the key concept here; just as many delays and pitfalls can come from ill-considered cost cutting as with cost overruns. Good accounting tools (and a design culture that fosters their use) is imperative for a successful project.  "Manufacturing costs shrink as design costs soar," is often quoted as a truism in circuit design, particularly for ICs.


== Verification and testing ==
Once a circuit has been designed, it must be both verified and tested. Verification is the process of going through each stage of a design and ensuring that it will do what the specification requires it to do. This is frequently a highly mathematical process and can involve large-scale computer simulations of the design.  In any complicated design it is very likely that problems will be found at this stage and may involve a large amount of the design work be redone in order to fix them.
Testing is the real-world counterpart to verification, testing involves physically building at least a prototype of the design and then (in combination with the test procedures in the specification or added to it) checking the circuit really does do what it was designed to.


== Prototyping ==
Prototyping is a means of exploring ideas before an investment is made in them. Depending on the scope of the prototype and the level of detail required, prototypes can be built at any time during the project. Sometimes they are created early in the project, during the planning and specification phase, commonly using a process known as breadboarding; that's when the need for exploration is greatest, and when the time investment needed is most viable. Later in the cycle packaging mock-ups are used to explore appearance and usability, and occasionally a circuit will need to be modified to take these factors into account.


== Results ==
As circuit design is the process of working out the physical form that an electronic circuit will take, the result of the circuit design process is the instructions on how to construct the physical electronic circuit. This will normally take the form of blueprints describing the size, shape, connectors, etc., in use, and artwork or CAM file for manufacturing a printed circuit board or integrated circuit.


=== Documentation ===
Any commercial design will normally also include an element of documentation, the precise nature of this documentation will vary according to the size and complexity of the circuit as well as the country in which it is to be used.  As a bare minimum the documentation will normally include at least the specification and testing procedures for the design and a statement of compliance with current regulations.  In the EU this last item will normally take the form of a CE Declaration listing the European directives complied with and naming an individual responsible for compliance.


== Software ==

Autotrax
EasyEDA
gEDA
KiCad
OrCAD
NI Multisim
SPICE


== See also ==

Advanced Design System
Circuit design language
Configuration design
Electrical system design
Electronic circuit design
Electronic design automation
Espresso heuristic logic minimizer
GDSII
Integrated circuit design
List of EDA companies
Mesh analysis
Open Artwork System Interchange Standard


== References ==


=== Sources ===
Information on design verification
Diagram of possible design process
US guide on CE marking
UK guide on CE marking
A beginners tutorial on understanding, analysing and designing basic electronic circuits
Vladimir Gurevich Electronic Devices on Discrete Components for Industrial and Power Engineering, CRC Press, London - New York, 2008, 418 p.





The premiership of Theresa May began on 13 July 2016, when Theresa May accepted Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a government. This followed the resignation of May's predecessor as Prime Minister, David Cameron, who resigned in the aftermath of the European Union membership referendum.


== 2016 leadership election ==
In a referendum held on 23 June 2016, Britain voted to withdraw from the European Union, with a result of 52% for withdrawal and 48% for remaining within the union. David Cameron, who as prime minister had campaigned to remain within the European Union, announced on 24 June 2016, immediately following the announcement of the referendum results, that he would resign from his post. Following the first stages of a Conservative Party leadership election, Home Secretary Theresa May's only remaining competitor, Andrea Leadsom, withdrew from the race on 11 July 2016. Following this announcement, Cameron said that he would step down from his post on 13 July. Cameron formally tendered his resignation to Queen Elizabeth II on that day, who subsequently appointed Theresa May as his successor.


== First term (2016-2017) ==
After being appointed by Queen Elizabeth II on 13 July 2016, May became the United Kingdom's second female Prime Minister, after Margaret Thatcher, and the first female UK Prime Minister of the 21st century. May told the media on 11 July 2016 that she was "honoured and humbled" to be the party leader and to become prime minister.Responding to some calls for a general election (reported by the news media) to confirm her mandate, "sources close to Mrs May" said there would be no such election, according to the BBC. In a speech after her appointment, May emphasised the term Unionist in the name of the Conservative Party, reminding all of "the precious, precious bond between England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland." By 15 July 2016, May had travelled to Edinburgh, Scotland to meet with first minister Nicola Sturgeon, to reinforce the bond between Scotland and the rest of the country. "This visit to Scotland is my first as prime minister and I'm coming here to show my commitment to preserving this special union that has endured for centuries," she explained. After the meeting at Bute House, May offered the following comment about Scotland's role in the negotiations about the UK's exit from the EU. "I'm willing to listen to options and I've been very clear with the first minister today that I want the Scottish government to be fully engaged in our discussion."In August 2016, May launched an investigation aimed at identifying and reducing racism in the public sector.May triggered Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union to leave the EU in March 2017.As part of the government's plan to curb childhood obesity, May took steps to reduce sugar content of foods though many experts feel that too little is being done. Notably there are widespread calls for curbing advertising of unhealthy foods to children and banning promotions of unhealthy food (such as multipacks and buy one get one free) in supermarkets, restaurants, cafes and take-aways.


=== Health Service ===
Consultation will start over cost saving, streamlining and reduction of some services in the National Health Service. Critics fear cuts that could put lives at risk though the review is about more than reducing costs. An article in The Guardian suggests possible benefits from the review but fears secrecy within the NHS is hindering effective public discussion. Liberal Democrat Norman Lamb accepted the review makes sense in principle but stated "While it is important that the NHS becomes more efficient and sustainable for future generations, redesign of care models will only get us so far – and no experts believe the Conservative doctrine that an extra £8bn funding by 2020 will be anywhere near enough."


=== David Cameron ===
In September 2016, David Cameron resigned as an MP, saying that he did not want to be a "distraction" for the new PM. Toby Helm wrote in The Observer in September 2016 that May is seen as less right wing than Cameron, but she is also seen as quite right wing by Rebecca Glover in The Independent, especially on immigration.


=== Grammar schools ===
In September 2016, May announced that she would end a ban on new grammar schools.  A BBC article suggests grammar schools would be dumbed down while other secondary schools in the area would suffer. Jon Coles of United Learning, which runs 60 schools is unconvinced more grammar schools will raise standards. Poor children and children from families that are 'just about managing' tend to miss out on grammar school places. None of the top ten nations with the best education has UK style grammar schools selecting at age 11.  The Royal Society commissioned research from the Education Policy Institute which shows disadvantaged pupils do worse overall in science and maths in regions with selective education. A cross party Select Committee of MP's described the issue of grammar school expansion as an unnecessary distraction, cast doubt on the claim grammar schools improve social mobility and many speakers emphasized the need to tackle funding problems effect on the whole of schooling. Following the outcome of the 2017 General Election, May's grammar school policy was not included in the Queen's Speech, and is unlikely to be pursued.


=== Child poverty ===
The 'Child Poverty Unit' has been merged with the 'Department of Work and Pensions' leading to fears that child poverty will be less of a priority under May. This runs counter to May's pledge to govern for everyone and fight the injustice of being born poor.  In 2014–2015 28% of UK children were poor. The Child Poverty Action Group fears restricting the Child Poverty Unit to one department will reduce its effectiveness.  The Institute for Fiscal Studies projects a 50% increase in child poverty by 2020 due to benefit cuts and 'sluggish wages'.


=== Ministerial appointments ===

May also appointed new Cabinet members, in "one of the most sweeping government reshuffles for decades" described as "a brutal cull" by The Telegraph since several prominent members, including six of Cameron's ministers, were removed from their posts. The early appointments were interpreted both as "centrist and conciliatory", an effort to reunite the party in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, and as "a shift to the right", according to The Guardian. Robert Peston of ITV News specifically labelled her new Cabinet as right wing.May abolished the Department for Energy and Climate Change in a move widely criticised by Greenpeace which expressed concern the new government failed to see the threat from climate change, Friends of the Earth which said climate change is happening now while the new government lowers its priority, also by other more impartial people and groups. Climate change is included in the scope of a new Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy.Upon becoming Prime Minister, May appointed former Mayor of London Boris Johnson to Foreign Secretary, former Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change Amber Rudd to Home Secretary, and former Shadow Home Secretary David Davis to the newly created office of "Brexit Secretary." Her choice of Boris Johnson for foreign secretary raised eyebrows, and drew some criticism from the press. Liam Fox and Philip Hammond, both of whom had previously served as Secretary of State for Defence (Fox in 2010–11 and Hammond in 2011–14), with Hammond having served as Foreign Secretary in 2014–16, were appointed to the newly created office of International Trade Secretary and Chancellor, respectively. Replacing Michael Gove, Elizabeth Truss was made Justice Secretary, the "first female Lord Chancellor in the thousand-year history of the role". Andrea Leadsom, who was energy minister and May's primary competitor for party leader, was made the new Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs. However, former Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers resigned from Cabinet after May offered her a post which was "not one which I felt I could take on".May jointly appointed Fiona Hill and Nick Timothy on 14 July as her joint Downing Street Chiefs of Staff. Both had been political advisers to her at the Home Office before both working outside the government for a brief period before coming to work on her leadership campaign. The three ministers with new roles who will negotiate the UK out of the EU had all espoused the Leave vote: David Davis, Brexit secretary, Liam Fox, overseas trade secretary and Boris Johnson, foreign secretary.


=== First overseas trips ===

On 20 July, May attended her first Prime Minister's Questions since taking office, then afterwards made her first overseas trip as prime minister, visiting Berlin for talks with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. During the visit, May said that she would not trigger Article 50 before 2017, suggesting it would take time for the UK to negotiate a "sensible and orderly departure" from the EU. May also announced that in the wake of the referendum, Britain would relinquish the presidency of the Council of the European Union that the UK had been scheduled to hold in the second half of 2017.On 4 September, May attended the 2016 G20 Hangzhou summit, the first since the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. May sought to use the summit to emphasise her commitment to making the UK a "global leader in free trade" She also faced questions over the decision to delay planned Chinese investment in Hinkley Point C.On 21 January 2017, following the inauguration of Donald Trump as US President, the White House announced that May would meet the President on 27 January, making her the first foreign leader to meet Trump since he took office on 20 January.


== 2017 general election ==

On 18 April 2017, in a surprise statement made outside 10 Downing Street, May announced that she was to seek parliamentary approval for an early election to be held. She explained that, following the country's decision last summer to leave the European Union, she had "only recently and reluctantly come to this conclusion" and that although she had "said that there should be no election until 2020", that she had "concluded that the only way to guarantee certainty and stability for the years ahead is to hold this election and seek your support for the decisions I must take." May previously indicated through a spokesperson she had no plan for a general election, the spokesperson stated, “There isn’t going to be one. It isn’t going to happen. There is not going to be a general election.”  She denied there would be an election many times. On 19 April 2017 MPs gave May the two-thirds super-majority required to call the snap election she had called for. MPs voted 522 in favour and 13 against, giving the go-ahead for the election to be held on 8 June 2017.

As of 9 June 2017 the Conservative Party lost seats and Labour gained seats.  The Conservatives remained the largest single party but without an absolute majority. In the immediate aftermath of the election, it was unclear if Theresa May would continue as Prime Minister. May stated that she would have an informal understanding with the DUP to keep the Conservatives in government.
On 10 June 2017 10 Downing Street issued a statement that a Conservative–DUP agreement was reached in principle. A few hours later, the statement was retracted when it was claimed that it had been "issued in error" and that talks between the Conservative Party and DUP were still ongoing.On 11 June 2017 former Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, described May as a "dead woman walking".


== Second term (2017-present) ==
The Grenfell Tower fire, Windrush scandal, Universal Credit and Brexit all caused problems for May's government in its second term. Potential candidates for a future general election were reluctant to put their names forward in the early days of the term. Suspected reasons at the time included being demoralized by May's premiership and lack of confidence that the Conservatives will win at the next election.May attended the annual Munich Security Conference from 16-17 February 2018 where she urged European allies to agree to a new security treaty. Whilst in Germany she also held a meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin.
In June 2018, May wrote in the Evening Standard, saying she will "always regret" not meeting the surviving residents of Grenfell Tower in the immediate aftermath of the building's fire which killed 72 people.

In July 2018, it was announced the British government was not planning to object to the United States seeking the death penalty for two suspected British members of ISIL, waiving Britain's long-standing objection to foreign executions.On 27 February 2019, May told the House of Commons that she thought Opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn should suspend Labour MP Chris Williamson from his party, because of his saying the party has been "too apologetic" over anti-Semitism claims. He was subsequently suspended.On February 28, May addressed a Jordan investment conference in Central London, speaking alongside Jordan's Prime Minister, Omar Razzaz. King Abdullah II was present at the conference, where May announced new economic support for Jordan.
On 7 March, May, along with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Duchess of Cornwall, and Welsh First Minister Mark Drakeford, attended an event at Buckingham Palace which marked the 50th anniversary of the investiture of the Prince of Wales.


=== Brexit ===
The government has so far not been able to reach an EU withdrawal agreement that has been approved by the Conservative Party as a whole. How to manage the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland has remained a major problem; the so-called 'backstop'.Following Cabinet agreement for May's proposals on Brexit, David Davis resigned from his government position on 8 July 2018. The day after, Steve Baker also resigned. It was later reported that May was beginning to face the threat of a leadership contest amid mounting anger from Brexiteers over her government's Brexit policy. Conservative Party backbencher Andrea Jenkyns called on for the Prime Minister to be replaced, saying “Theresa May's premiership is over”. Boris Johnson resigned as Foreign Secretary on 9 July 2018. May's controversial draft withdrawal agreement received widespread criticism and at least 23 Conservative MPs proceeded to submit a letter demanding a vote of no confidence (a total 48 letters from MP's are needed trigger one). In addition to this, 4 ministers, including cabinet members Esther McVey and Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab resigned over the deal. However, a poll of 505 Conservative councillors found that a majority wanted MPs to back the prime minister, despite the fact that more were against the deal than for it.On 4 December 2018, the May government was found in contempt of Parliament; the first government to be found in contempt in history on a motion passed by MPs by 311 to 293 votes. The vote was triggered by the government failing to lay before Parliament any legal advice on the proposed withdrawal agreement on the terms of the UK's departure from the European Union, after a humble address for a return was unanimously agreed to by the House of Commons on 13 November 2018. The government then agreed to publish the full legal advice  for Brexit that was given to the Prime Minister by the Attorney General during negotiations with the European Union. 
A House of Commons vote on May's deal was set to take place on 11th December 2018, but was delayed due to of a lack of support for the deal. The following day, it was announced that May would face a vote of confidence in her leadership, after at least 48 Conservative MPs had submitted letters of no confidence to the Chairman of the 1922 Committee, Sir Graham Brady. On the evening of 12th December, May won the vote by 200 votes to 117. She subsequently went to an EU summit to secure legal assurances over her Brexit deal, specifically over the controversial 'backstop'. European leaders have however ruled out any renegotiation of the deal, but have not ruled out assurances on the backstop's temporary nature. Theresa May said that she would not lead the Conservatives in the 2022 general election. On January 16, Parliament as a whole held a vote of no confidence in May and her government, which Jeremy Corbyn called a "zombie" government. It was the second no-confidence motion since 1925 after the 1979 vote against James Callaghan. The motion fell in May's favour by 19 votes (325 to 306).On 15 January 2019, May's government was defeated in the House of Commons by a margin of 230 votes (202 in favour and 432 opposed) in a vote on her deal to leave the EU. It was the largest majority against a United Kingdom government in history. On 14 February the same year, May suffered another Commons defeat after MPs voted by 303 to 258 - a majority of 45 - against a motion endorsing the government's Brexit negotiating strategy.
In February 2019, three Conservative MPs - Heidi Allen, Anna Soubry, and Sarah Wollaston - defected from the party to join The Independent Group, a pro-EU political association of MPs founded by seven former members of the Labour party. The MPs said the reasons for their departure were their opposition to the party's handling of Brexit, what they saw as the takeover of the Conservative party by 'right wing, ... hard-line anti-EU' MPs, and lack of concern from the Conservative party for the 'most vulnerable in society'.Since the setting of the 29 March 2019 date for the UK's EU withdrawal, by former Brexit Secretary David Davis, May has been concentrating on convincing MPs to agree to leave with her Brexit deal on the agreed date, despite some Conservative backbenchers proposing a two-month postponement. She has also been vocally opposed to a second referendum on Brexit. On February 24, May delayed the "meaningful vote" on the final Brexit deal until March 12, less than a fortnight before the March 29 date. She faced further calls for her resignation. On February 26, she said that she wanted to avoid a possible extension to Article 50, the part of the EU treaty that states "Any Member State may decide to withdraw from the Union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements". She also spoke of the fact that she hopes MPs will get to vote on a "short, limited" delay to Brexit if they reject her deal and a no-deal exit from the EU.On February 28, the Minister of State for Agriculture, Fisheries & Food, George Eustice, resigned from May's government over her promise to allow MPs a vote on delaying Brexit if her Brexit deal is rejected. In his resignation letter, Eustice said "I fear that developments this week will lead to a sequence of events culminating in the EU dictating the terms of any extension requested and the final humiliation of our country."On 12 March, May was again defeated in the House of Commons, this time by 149 votes (242 in favour and 391 against), on her latest Brexit deal after she secured last-minute concessions from the EU. Later that month, in the days leading up to the March 29 date, May began asking the EU for a short extension of the two-year Brexit process until 30 June. European Council President Donald Tusk said he believed the EU would agree to a short extension, but this would only be if May's deal was supported by UK MPs, and not in the case of a no-deal Brexit.


== Policies ==


=== Foreign policy ===
The May Ministry delayed the final approval for the Hinkley Point C nuclear power station in July 2016, a project which May had objected to when she was Home Secretary. Her political adviser Nick Timothy wrote an article in 2015 to oppose People's Republic of China's involvement in sensitive sectors. He said that the government was "selling our national security to China" without rational concerns and "the Government seems intent on ignoring the evidence and presumably the advice of the security and intelligence agencies."Politicians and human rights activists have been urging Theresa May's government to vote against Saudi Arabian retention of the membership of the UN Human Rights Council. Amnesty International's UK Foreign Policy Programme Director Polly Truscott said: "Rather than turning a blind eye to Saudi Arabia’s continuing bully tactics, the UK should publicly hold the Saudi authorities to account for its appalling human rights record and the ongoing war crimes in Yemen and should stop selling weapons to Saudi as a matter of urgency." May defended selling arms to Saudi Arabia stating that close ties with the country "keep people on the streets of Britain safe".


=== Economic policy and austerity programme ===
Prior to her premiership, May outlined plans to backtrack on the longstanding government plan to achieve a surplus by 2020, following the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. With uncertainty surrounding the economic outlook, Chancellor of the Exchequer Phillip Hammond has suggested that the government's Autumn Statement may be used to "reset" economic policy.In 2015, while May was Home Secretary, an 18% funding cut in the police force had taken place with the loss of around 20,000 police officers. Before the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing and after the Paris attacks, she was warned by a Manchester senior police officer that the cuts on the force and community policing risked terror attacks in the city due the lack of resources to do proper intelligence and anti-terrorist measures.In May's and Hammond's 2017 budget continued government policies of freezing benefits.


=== European Union ===

May has not given MPs a vote over the European Union despite in 2007 calling for MPs to have the right of veto over European talks. Nicky Morgan stated "in 2016 MPs aren't asking for a veto but they do want a say and we hope the Prime Minister will remember her earlier words". Anna Soubry and Nick Clegg also called for more parliamentary involvement. In November 2016, the High Court ruled in R (Miller) v Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union that parliament must vote on the decision to leave the EU but May appealed to the Supreme Court. Nicola Sturgeon, Scottish First Minister has joined the case as have representatives of Wales and Northern Ireland. Sturgeon feels the Scottish Parliament should also consent to the UK triggering of Article 50. She says she will not seek to prevent England and Wales leaving but wants to preserve Scotland's place in the EU. In the end the Supreme Court required a vote in the UK parliament.
May was accused of not having a plan if Brexit talks break down.  There are fears if talks fail Britain could be left trading under WTO rules which it is feared would seriously damage jobs and livelihoods in Britain and Europe.  May's ministers have repeatedly promised to walk away from a bad final deal but, it is argued, have no plans for how to manage without a deal.  Ivan Rogers described May's Brexit strategy as “an accident waiting to happen”. He said completing Brexit was “guaranteed” to take a decade and alleged May's unrealistic hopes of a trade deal made to order meant a car crash in the next few months was “quite likely”.


=== Workers' representatives ===
Before her premiership began, May said that she planned to have workers represented on company boards, saying "If I'm prime minister ... we're going to have not just consumers represented on company boards, but workers as well." May aimed to put workers' and consumers' representatives on boards to make them more accountable. Nils Pratley, a journalist at The Guardian, wrote in July "Fundamental principles of Britain's boardroom governance are being rethought. It is a very welcome development. In the more enlightened quarters of the UK corporate world, they can see that boardroom pay has eroded trust in business." Workers' representatives it appeared, would have made UK companies more like those in Germany and France. May was accused of backtracking in November 2016 when she said that firms would not be forced to adopt the proposal, saying "there are a number of ways in which that can be achieved".


=== Response to Donald Trump's Travel ban ===
Theresa May was strongly criticised in the United Kingdom by members of all major parties, including her own, for refusing to condemn Donald Trump's Executive Order 13769 (colloquially known as the "Muslim ban") as well as for inviting Trump to a state visit with Queen Elizabeth II.More than 1.8 million signed an official parliamentary e-petition which said that "Donald Trump's well documented misogyny and vulgarity disqualifies him from being received by Her Majesty the Queen or the Prince of Wales," and Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said in Prime Minister's Questions (PMQs) that Trump should not be welcomed to Britain "while he abuses our shared values with his shameful Muslim ban and attacks on refugees' and women's rights" and said that Trump should be banned from the UK until the bar on Muslims entering the US is lifted.Baroness Warsi, former chair of the Conservatives, accused May of "bowing down" to Trump, who she described as "a man who has no respect for women, disdain for minorities, little value for LGBT communities, no compassion clearly for the vulnerable and whose policies are rooted in divisive rhetoric." London Mayor Sadiq Khan and the Conservative leader in Scotland, Ruth Davidson, also called for the visit to be cancelled.


=== Executive pay ===
May is considering forcing companies to reveal the difference between what their CEOs are paid and what their ordinary workers are paid.


=== Environment ===
Following the impact of Blue Planet II in 2017, the May administration outlined plans to approve further green policy. A particular focus has been on plastic and its impact on the environment. In March 2018, May announced plans for a plastic deposit scheme modelled on a similar policy in Norway to boost recycling.


== Foreign trips ==

As of March 2019, Theresa May has made 66 trips to 33 countries since her premiership began on 13 July 2016. Her first overseas visit was to Germany, where she met German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin to discuss Germany–United Kingdom relations while the United Kingdom prepared for Brexit.
The country May has been to the most has been Belgium; she has visited 23 times so far during her premiership, often partaking in Brexit negotiations at the European Council and Commission.
May has so far partaken in 3 UN GA summits, 3 G20 summits, 3 EU summits, 2 G7 summits, 2 NATO summits, and 1 CHOGM summit.


== See also ==
Next Conservative Party (UK) leadership election


== References ==





Edgar March Crookshank (2 October 1858 – 1 July 1928) was an English physician and microbiologist.


== Biography ==
Crookshank studied at King's College London and qualified for medicine in 1881. He served briefly as an assistant to Joseph Lister, a physician noted for his work promoting antiseptics and sterile surgery. In 1882, Crookshank served as a doctor with the British armed forces sent to Egypt as a result of the Urabi Revolt; he was decorated for his service at the Battle of Tel el-Kebir.
On return from Egypt, Crookshank toured Europe in 1884 for further medical training. In Berlin, he visited the laboratory of Robert Koch and learned methods of isolating bacterial strains to investigate infectious diseases.
When he returned to London, Crookshank wrote a textbook, An Introduction to Practical Bacteriology Based on the Methods of Koch, which was published in 1886. Subsequent editions were published under differing titles in 1887, 1890 and 1896, and a French translation by H. Bergeaud was published in Paris as soon as 1886.
In 1885, Crookshank founded one of the world's first bacteriological laboratories for human and veterinary pathology in London.Crookshank was also interested in the use of photography to study bacteria and published Photography of Bacteria in 1887, the first text in English devoted solely to the photography of bacteria. In the introduction to this book he wrote that the photographs were "intended to convince scoffers of the essential truth of the new Science, that specific, often morphologically distinct, microorganisms were the cause of particular infectious diseases".
During this time he became interested in the study of infectious diseases in animals and in 1886 was awarded the chair of Comparative Pathology and Bacteriology at King's College London. In his new role he was asked to investigate an outbreak of cowpox in Lechlade, Gloucestershire.
His investigations led him to reconsider the use of cowpox-derived vaccines to immunize against smallpox, a treatment developed by Edward Jenner nearly a hundred years earlier. His conclusion was that such vaccines were ineffective in preventing smallpox because the two diseases (cowpox and smallpox) were "totally distinct". Instead of a cowpox-derived vaccine, he advocated the use of a more dangerous vaccination using attenuated smallpox. In 1889, he published a two-volume treatise on the subject, A History and Pathology of Vaccination. Vaccination policies were a divisive topic at the time and in the ensuing controversy that resulted from his publication, Crookshank quit his chair at King's College London in 1891.  He continued to speak out on health matters but never worked in a laboratory again. He subsequently, however, focused on the encouragement of agricultural and veterinary science, serving as a governor of the Royal Veterinary College until his death.
In 1894, Crookshank was appointed Justice of the Peace for Sussex, and in 1906 stood unsuccessfully as East Grinstead's parliamentary candidate as a Unionist and Tariff Reformer. In later life, he travelled extensively in the Dominions, becoming a skilled big-game hunter and deputy chairman of two Scottish-Australian corporations.


== Publications ==
History and Pathology of Vaccination, Volume 1, Nabu Press, 2010, ISBN 978-1-144-96409-0
A Textbook of Bacteriology: Including the Etiology and Prevention of Infective Diseases and a Short Account of Yeasts and Moulds, Haematoza, and Psorosperms, Nabu Press, 2010, ISBN 978-1-174-75161-5
Photography of Bacteria, General Books LLC, 2010, ISBN 978-1-4588-4154-4
Manual of Bacteriology, Nabu Press, 2010, ISBN 978-1-146-49003-0


== References ==


== Sources ==
Professor Crookshank, Obituary, The Times, 3 Jul 1928.
The bacteria craze of the 1880s.(Department of History), The Lancet (13 Feb 1999): 581(1).
Edgar March Crookshank (October 2007). Manual of Bacteriology. Read Books. ISBN 978-1-4067-1767-9.
Edgar March Crookshank (December 2009). History and Pathology of Vaccination – Vol. I. – A Critical Inquiry. Koteliansky Press. pp. 8–. ISBN 978-1-4446-8304-2.





Byron Preiss (April 11, 1953 – July 9, 2005) was an American writer, editor, and publisher.  He founded and served as president of Byron Preiss Visual Publications, and later of ibooks Inc.


== Biography ==


=== Early life and career ===
A native of Brooklyn, New York City, Byron Preiss graduated magna cum laude from the University of Pennsylvania in 1972, and earned a master's degree in communications from Stanford University.In 1971, while Preiss was teaching at a Philadelphia elementary school, he conceived, and with Jim Steranko, produced an anti-drug comic book, The Block, designed for low-level reading skills. Published by Steranko's company, Supergraphics, it was distributed to schools nationwide.He founded Byron Preiss Visual Publications in 1974 to publish original works, including Weird Heroes (1975). His 1976 Fiction Illustrated series of illustrated novels began with Schlomo Raven: Public Detective, a Preiss collaboration with Tom Sutton, followed by Starfawn, illustrated by Stephen Fabian, Steranko's Chandler: Red Tide and the 1977 Son of Sherlock Holmes, illustrated by Ralph Reese. Other publications included a 1978 adaptation of Alfred Bester's The Stars My Destination as a two-volume graphic novel, illustrated by Howard Chaykin.


=== Publishing career ===
As a book packager, he developed titles for such publishers as HarperCollins and Random House. One such project, created in conjunction with the Bank Street College of Education, resulted in a series of educational comic books adapting well-known genre authors: The Bank Street Book of Creepy Tales, The Bank Street Book of Fantasy, The Bank Street Book of Mystery and The Bank Street Book of Science Fiction.He published children's books by celebrities, including Billy Crystal, Jane Goodall, Jay Leno, LeAnn Rimes and Jerry Seinfeld, and worked closely with such established illustrators as Ralph Reese, William Stout and Tom Sutton.Preiss was co-author, with Michael Reaves, of the children's novel Dragonworld (Doubleday, 1979), with 80 illustrations by Joseph Zucker. Dragonworld was originally planned to be the fifth "Fiction Illustrated" title.In 1982, Preiss published The Secret, a puzzle book that combined 12 short verses and 12 elaborate fantasy paintings by John Jude Palencar.  Readers were expected to pair each painting with a verse in a way that would provide clues to finding one of 12 plexiglass boxes buried in various parks around North America.  Each box contained a ceramic key that could be redeemed for a jewel worth $1,000.  The book was inspired by the success of Masquerade,  written and illustrated by Kit Williams and published in England in August 1979, but The Secret never led to the same level of treasure hunting frenzy.  One of the ceramic boxes was found in Chicago in 1983.  Another was found in Cleveland in 2004. The remaining 10 boxes have never been found.Beyond traditional printed books, Preiss frequently embraced emerging technologies, and was among the first to publish in such electronic forms as CD-ROM books and ebooks. The Words of Gandhi, an audiobook he produced, won a Grammy Award in 1985.Both Byron Preiss Visual Publications and ibooks Inc. filed for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy on February 22, 2006, after his death.


=== Later life and death ===
Preiss was married to Sandi Mendelson, with whom he had daughters Karah and Blaire. On July 9, 2005, he died in a traffic accident at East Hampton, New York, on Long Island, while driving to his synagogue.


== List of Byron Preiss publications ==
Published by Preiss, or packaged by Preiss for other publishers

The Electric Company Joke Book (1973) ISBN 0-307-64824-9
The Silent e's from Outer Space (Western Pub., 1973; Goldencraft, 1974 ISBN 0-307-64821-4)
One Year Affair (1976) ISBN 0-911104-86-0
Weird Heroes (Pyramid Books, 1975–77)Vol. 1 (ISBN 0-515-03746-X) to Vol. 8 (ISBN 0-515-04257-9); collections of illustrated, pulp-inspired storiesFiction Illustrated #1 – Schlomo Raven: Public Detective (Pyramid Books, 1976; by Preiss and Tom Sutton)
Fiction Illustrated #2 – Starfawn (Pyramid Books, 1976; by Preiss and Stephen Fabian)
Fiction Illustrated #3 – Chandler: Red Tide (Pyramid Books, 1976 ISBN 0-515-04241-2; Dark Horse, 2001 ISBN 1-56971-438-X)
Fiction Illustrated #4 – Son of Sherlock Holmes (Pyramid Books, 1977; by Preiss and Ralph Reese)
Empire (1978) by Samuel R. Delany, illustrated by Howard Chaykin. ISBN 0-425-03900-5
The Illustrated Roger Zelazny (Ace Books, 1979), illustrated by Gray Morrow ISBN 978-0441365258
The Beach Boys (1979; revised ed. 1983 ISBN 0-312-07026-8)
The Art of Leo and Diane Dillon (1981) ISBN 0-345-28449-6
The Dinosaurs (1981; revised 2000 as The New Dinosaurs)
The Secret (1982) ISBN 0-553-01408-0 – illustrated by John Jude Palencar
The First Crazy Word Book: Verbs (1982) ISBN 0-531-04500-5
The Little Blue Brontosaurus (1983) ISBN 0-89845-165-5
Not the Webster's Dictionary (1983) ISBN 0-671-47418-9
The Bat Family (1984) ISBN 0-89845-237-6
Time Machine 1 — Secret of the Knights (Bantam Books, 1984; by Jim Gasperini, illustrated by Richard Hescox) ISBN 0-553-23601-6
Nuts! (1985) ISBN 0-553-24725-5
The Planets (1985) ISBN 0-553-05109-1
The Universe (1987) ISBN 0-553-05227-6
Time Machine 19 — The Death Mask of Pancho Villa (Bantam Books, 1987; by Carol Gaskin and George Guthridge, illustrated by Kenneth Huey, cover by Jim Steranko) ISBN 0-553-26674-8
Dragonsword, 1st edition (1988) ISBN 1-55802-003-9
The Microverse (1989) ISBN 0-553-05705-7
First Contact: The Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (1990) ISBN 0-7472-3508-2
Tales from the One-Eyed Crow: The Vulgmaster by Dennis L. McKiernan and Alex Nino (1991) ISBN 9780451450883
The Ultimate Dracula (1991) ISBN 0-7472-0552-3
The Ultimate Frankenstein (1991) ISBN 0-440-50352-3
The Ultimate Werewolf (1991 reissue ISBN 0-440-50354-X)
The Ultimate Dinosaur: Past, Present, and Future (1992) ISBN 0-553-07676-0
The Vampire State Building (1992) ISBN 0-553-15998-4
The Ultimate Zombie (1993) ISBN 0-440-50534-8
The Ultimate Witch (1993) ISBN 0-440-50531-3
The Ultimate Dragon (1995) ISBN 0-440-50630-1
The Ultimate Alien (1995) ISBN 0-440-50631-X
The Best Children's Books in the World (1996) ISBN 0-8109-1246-5
The Rhino History of Rock 'n' Roll: The '70s (1997) ISBN 0-671-01175-8
Are We Alone in the Cosmos? The Search for Alien Contact in the New Millennium (1999) ISBN 0-671-03892-3
The New Dinosaurs (2000) ISBN 0-7434-0724-5
The Roadkill of Middle Earth (2001) by John Carnell, illustrated by Tom Sutton, cover by Steve Fastner and Rich Larson. ISBN 0-7434-3467-6
Dying Inside (2002) ISBN 0-7434-3508-7
The Ultimate Dragon (2003) ISBN 0-7434-5868-0
The Best Bizarre But True Stories Ever! (2003) ISBN 978-0-7434-4557-3
Exploring The Matrix: Visions of the Cyber Present (2004) ISBN 0-312-31359-4
Raymond Chandler's Philip Marlowe (2005) ISBN 1-59687-847-9
Year's Best Graphic Novels, Comics & Manga (2005) ISBN 0-312-34326-4


== Dragonworld ==
This illustrated children's novel by Byron Preiss and Michael Reaves was published in several editions from 1979 to 2005:

Doubleday hardcover, 1979
Bantam / Dell paperback, 1979) ISBN 0-553-01077-8
Spectra paperback (July 1983) ISBN 0-553-25857-5
Bantam / Dell paperback (Aug. 1983) ISBN 0-553-23426-9
ibooks, Inc. paperback (2000) ISBN 0-671-03907-5
ibooks, Inc. ebook (Microsoft Reader; 2001)
ibooks, Inc. paperback (2002) ISBN 0-7434-5253-4
ibooks, Inc. paperback (2005) ISBN 1-59687-233-0


== References ==


== External links ==

Frauenfelder, Mark (November 1993). "The Way of Comics". Wired. Archived from the original on May 20, 2014.
Zeitchik, Steven (July 15, 2005). "Byron Preiss: 'He Saw Books Where Other People Didn't'". Publishers Weekly. 252 (29). Archived from the original on February 21, 2011.
Fantastic Fiction: Byron Preiss
Byron Preiss at the Internet Speculative Fiction Database
Works by or about Byron Preiss in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
"Preiss, Byron" at the Michigan State University Libraries Special Collections Division: Reading Room Index to the Comic Art Collection, "Prehistoric Adventure Comics" to "Pre-Raphaelites"
Byron Preiss at Library of Congress Authorities, with 40 catalog records (previous page of browse report as 'Preiss, Byron' without ', 1953–2005')





Gonzalo Fabián Porras Burghi (born 31 January 1984 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for Club Nacional de Football in the Uruguayan Primera División.


== References ==


== External links ==
Gonzalo Porras at Soccerway





Voltone Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield, located approximately 4 km west of Tarquinia (Provincia di Viterbo, Lazio), central Italy, about 70 km northwest of Rome.
It was an all-weather temporary field built by the XII Engineer Command using a graded earth compacted surface, with prefabricated hessian (burlap) surfacing (PHS). PHS was made of an asphalt-impregnated jute rolled out over the compacted surface over a square mesh track (SMT) grid of wire joined in 3-inch squares.   Pierced Steel Planking was also used for parking areas, as well as for dispersal sites, when it was available.   In addition, tents were used for billeting and support facilities; an access road was built to the existing road infrastructure; a dump for supplies, ammunition, and gasoline drums;  drinkable water and a minimal electrical grid for communications and station lighting.
Once completed it was turned over for use by the United States Army Air Force Twelfth Air Force 415th Night Fighter Squadron between 17 June-9 July 1944, flying Bristol Beaufighters.
When the Americans pulled out, the airfield was dismantled by engineers.  Today the location of the airfield is partially a golf course bisected by a road with the outline of its former main runway on the other side in a pasture.


== References ==
 This article incorporates public domain material from the Air Force Historical Research Agency website http://www.afhra.af.mil/.

Maurer, Maurer. Air Force Combat Units of World War II. Maxwell AFB, Alabama: Office of Air Force History, 1983. ISBN 0-89201-092-4.
Maurer, Maurer, ed. (1982) [1969]. Combat Squadrons of the Air Force, World War II (PDF) (reprint ed.). Washington, DC: Office of Air Force History. ISBN 0-405-12194-6. LCCN 70605402. OCLC 72556.





Pulau Bukom, also known as Pulau Bukum (毛广岛, புளு புகோம்), is a small island belonging to Singapore that is located about five kilometres to the south of the main island of Singapore, off the Straits of Singapore. The size of Pulau Bukom is about 1.45 km2 (0.56 sq mi).
Pulau Bukom is also known as Pulau Bukom Besar, which has a small companion islet to its south called Pulau Bukom Kechil. This companion islet is currently connected to Pulau Ular and Pulau Busing by reclaimed land, making the three of them appear as one large island on satellite imagery.


== Etymology ==
The island's name is thought to come from the Malay name for a seashell called rangkek bukom, which is wide at one end and tapers to a narrow point, the shape of the island prior to land reclamation. Bukum is said to be the same as hukum, and there is a tradition that the Raja used to try cases on the island, hence the name, probably through the intermediate form berhukum.


== History ==
Pulau Bukom appears in Franklin and Jackson's 1828 map as Po. Bukum. The island, originally a mangrove swamp, was also a source of fresh water for ships. In 1884, a trader named Gagino established a water company on the island to supply water to passing ships.
The story of Pulau Bukom and the petroleum trade started in 1891 when M. Samuel & Co. of London decided to use Singapore as a base for the import and distribution of kerosene from Russia, and appointed Syme & Co., a merchant and agency house in Singapore, to establish and manage a petroleum tank depot.6 The government rejected their application to store bulk petroleum in town and this led Syme & Co. to establish the facilities on Pulau Bukom. More popularly known as “Freshwater Island” then, Bukom was a suitable alternative because it not only had a deep and sheltered harbour, but its proximity to the mainland allowed better facilitation of the local distribution of kerosene.7
By September 1891, Syme & Co. had acquired 8 ha of land for $3,000 from the owner of the island, Captain Giovanni Gaggino, and thereafter commenced the construction of the petroleum tank depot.8 The storage facilities were complemented by a wharf, pipelines to transfer the oil between ship and tank, as well as lighters that provided bunkering services. Built at a cost of over $60,000, the depot, which had a tank capacity of 4,500 tonnes, opened on 16 September 1892 when its first shipment of kerosene arrived on board the S. S. Murex.9


== Access ==
The island can be reached by a free ferry, operated by Tian San Shipping, from the Pasir Panjang ferry terminal. Access to the island is restricted. Visitors need to have a security pass, issued only for personnel working on the island. The security checks are very tight, and no unauthorized person is allowed to enter the island.


== See also ==
Laju incident


== References ==

Victor R Savage, Brenda S A Yeoh (2003), Toponymics - A Study of Singapore Street Names, Eastern Universities Press, ISBN 981-210-205-1


== External links ==
Satellite image of Pulau Bukum - Google Maps





Hammerman is a Saturday morning cartoon, produced by DIC Animation City and starring pop rapper MC Hammer, which aired for thirteen episodes on ABC in the fall of 1991.


== Synopsis ==
Youth center worker Stanley Burrell (Hammer's real name) owns a pair of magical dancing shoes (which are alive and can speak), which when worn cause Burrell to transform into the superhero Hammerman. He frequently gets advice from his "Gramps", who was a former owner of the shoes and was known as Soulman. While in the guise of Hammerman, Burrell was dressed in MC Hammer's signature purple Hammer pants and myriad golden chains.
The show was hosted by the real MC Hammer, who also sang the show's theme song, telling about the origin of Hammerman. Back in the 1960s and 1970s, Gramps (Robert Nameson) was the superhero Soulman, but as he grew older, he grew weaker and was forced to retire. Gramps and his granddaughter Jodie traveled to find the next new superhero. Their search was over when they met Stanley and he put on the shoes. Each episode, Hammerman faced various social issues; at the end of each episode, a puppet version of the magic shoes would speak to a live child audience and provide methods the children could use to address these issues themselves.


== Episodes ==
While the airdates and order of most episodes is unknown, "Defeated Graffiti", the first episode (as confirmed by MC Hammer's comments at the beginning of the episode), aired on September 7, 1991.
The cartoon aired on Saturday mornings at 10 AM on ABC.
Known episodes are as follows:


== Cast ==
MC Hammer - Hammerman/Stanley Burrell (live action)
Neil Crone -
Clark Johnson - Hammerman (cartoon)
Jeff Jones -
Miguel Lee -
Joe Matheson -
Susan Roman - Hammerman's Would-Be Girlfriend
Ron Rubin - Righty
Carmen Twillie -
Louise Vallance -
Maurice Dean Wint - Showbiz


=== Additional voices ===


== Crew ==
Executive Producers - Andy Heyward, Louis Burrell
Directed by Mike Maliani
Produced by Kevin O'Donnell
Story Editors - Reed Shelly & Bruce Shelly
Executive in Charge of Production - Brian A. Miller
Production Supervisor - Stacy Gallishaw
Associate Producer - John O'Sullivan Francis, Jr.
Production Coorinator - Kent Meredith
Production Assistant - Amanda Ruhland
Voice Director - Greg Morton
Talent Coordinator - Shawn Hughey
Recording Assistant - Mary Noble
Casting - Greg Morton, Marsha Goodman
Coordinating Producer - Robby London
Script Coordinator - Lori Crawford
Script Assistants - William A. Ruiz, Ray Bright, Eben F. Eldridge, Penny Wylie
Art Director - Joe Horne
Character Designer - E.D. Lee
Prop Designers - Andy Ice, Rodger Lueras
Background Designers - Joe Barruso, Rick Allen, Andy Ice, Dan Kubat
Color Background Painters - :Richard D. Ziehler Martin!, Hector Martinez"
Color Key Artists - Allyn Conley, Rivka, Bob Watts, Li Rene Harmon
Storyboards by Joe Horne, Story, Millimetros Dibujos Animados, S.A., Dave Simons
Animation Timing - Joe Horne
Sheet Timing - Fred Crippen
Overseas Director - Rick Allen
Overseas Animation Supervisors - Gary Scott, J. Falconer
Overseas Consultant - Winnie Chaffee
Music Supervisor - Joanne Miller
Assisted by Judy Sampson-Brown, Melissa Gentry
Hammerman Theme Song Performed by Hammer
Songs Performed by Hammer
Courtesy of Capitol Records & Bust It Publishing
Music by The Music Team
Hammerman Theme Song by Hammer & Felton Pilate
Additional Music by Chase/Rucker Productions
Executive in Charge of Post Production - Thierry P. Laurin
Assistant to the Executive in Charge of Post Production - Kimberly R. Francis
Supervising Editor - Richard S. Gannon
Film Editors - Gregory K. Bowron, Richard Bruce Elliott, Allan Gelbart
Dialogue Editors - Heather C. Elliott, Donald P. Zappala, Peter Tomaszewicz, Lida Saskova
Supervising Music Editor - Stuart Goetz
Music Editor - Daniel J. Johnson
Sound Effects by Mike Mancini
Supervising Sound Engineer - Michael J. Cowan
Format Editors - Mark A. McNally, Susan Odjakjian
Assistant Editors - Trudy Alexander, Kris Gilpin
Videotape Supervisors - Tonda Lark, Dennis Graham, Fifun A. Amini, Gerri Kessler
Post Production Coordinator - Maria C. Mercado
Animation Production by Pacific Rim Animation L.T.D.
Opening Title Animation by Milimetros Dibujos Animados, S.A.


=== Live Action Segments ===
Lighting Design and Direction by Ocean / Rose & Associates
Associate Producer - Brad Kreisberg
Videotape Editor - Bob Minshall
Camera Operators - Scott Kaye, Ron Tosches
Audio - Ish Garcia
Video Facilities - Pro-Cam Productions
Production Assistants - Laura Knox, Renee Mendoza, Albert Taylor, Joshua Lou Friedman
Creative Supervisor - Andy Heyward!
© 1991 Bustin' Productions, Inc.
DiC ®
Coproduced by Reteitalia, s.p.a. in Association with Telecinco


=== Uncredited ===
Additional Music by Mark Simon and Zo Williams
Foley Artist - Doug Madick


== Critical reception ==
Entertainment Weekly journalist Dalton Ross listed Hammerman at the top of his list "Top 5 Most Ridiculous Things to Be Turned Into a Saturday Morning Cartoon", and said about the show, "When it comes to idiotic adaptations, u can't touch this."


== Home media ==
From 1992–1993, 3 of the 13 episodes were released on VHS by Buena Vista Home Video: "Rapoleon", "Defeated Graffiti", and "Winnie's Winner". There are currently no plans for a DVD release.


== References ==


== External links ==
Hammerman on IMDb 
Hammerman at the Big Cartoon DataBase





The AMA Supercross Championship is an American motorcycle racing series. Founded by the American Motorcyclist Association (AMA) in 1974, the AMA Supercross Championship races are held from January through early May. Supercross is a variant of motocross which involves off-road motorcycles on a constructed dirt track consisting of steep jumps and obstacles; the tracks are usually constructed inside a sports stadium. The easy accessibility and comfort of these stadium venues helped supercross surpass off-road motocross as a spectator attraction in the United States by the late 1970s.


== History ==
The first motocross race held on a race track inside a stadium took place on August 28, 1948, at Buffalo Stadium in the Paris suburb of Montrouge. As the popularity of motocross surged in the United States in the late 1960s, Bill France added a professional motocross race to the 1971 Daytona Beach Bike Week schedule. The 1972 race was held at Daytona International Speedway on an constructed track on the grass surface between the main grandstand and the pit lane. Jimmy Weinert won the 250 class and Mark Blackwell was the winner of the 500 class.The event that paved the way for constructed, stadium-based motocross events was a 1972 race held in the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, promoted by Mike Goodwin and Terry Tiernan, then-president of the AMA, and won by 16-year-old Marty Tripes. It was billed as the "Super Bowl of Motocross" which led to the coining of the term "Supercross." The Super Bowl of Motocross II held the following year was an even greater success and, eventually evolved into the AMA Supercross championship held in stadiums across the United States and Canada.Motocross and Supercross eventually diverged into different forms of racing, with the latter displacing the Grand Prix world championship as the premier off-road motorcycle racing series.Originally, each of the AMA Supercross races were promoted by different companies, most notably Mike Goodwin in the West, Pace Motorsports in the Midwest and Southwest, and Super Sports in the East. In the 1980s, Mickey Thompson (MTEG) partnered Goodwin, then took over the West region. In the 1990s, MTEG went bankrupt and Super Sports sold its business to Pace, which became the single AMA Supercross promoter. In 1998, Pace was bought by SFX Entertainment, which was bought in turn by Clear Channel in 2000. The live events division of Clear Channel was split off as Live Nation in 2005, and the motorsports division was sold to Feld Entertainment in 2008, which currently promotes the championship.
While growing consistently since the '70s, in the early part of the 21st Century Supercross' popularity really took off. In the United States, Supercross races today are now some of the most popular races regularly held.
The American Motorcyclist Association awards three Supercross Championships each year. They are the 450cc (was known as 250cc two-stroke), and both an East and West division on the 250cc (was 125cc two-stroke). Supercross racing classifications are governed by the displacement of the motorcycle's engine. They were based on two-stroke engines until 2006, when four-stroke engines replaced two-stroke engines. From 2007 until 2012, a formula nomenclature similar to IndyCar was used, with the 450cc class known as Supercross and 250cc as Supercross Lites. Starting in 2013, the AMA and Feld Motor Sports returned to the traditional nomenclature, based on four-stroke engines: 450cc (known as "MX1" in Europe), and 250cc (also known as "MX2"). The 450cc Champion has always been generally considered to be the most prestigious.
Since 2011, the final race of the season, known as the Monster Energy Cup for sponsorship reasons, is held at Sam Boyd Stadium in Las Vegas. A US $1 million purse is available to the rider who wins all three featured races. Ryan Villopoto won the purse at the inaugural event in 2011, as did Marvin Musquin in the 2017 edition, and Eli Tomac in the 2018 race.


== Calendar ==
The AMA series begins in early January and continues until early-May. It consists of 17 rounds in the 450cc Class, and 9 rounds in 250cc West Class and 9 rounds in the 250cc East Class, which the twelfth round at Indianapolis in April and the final round at Las Vegas in May have an East-West Showdown, and 14 major stadiums and one permanent racing circuit (in a temporary stadium setup) from all over North America.


== Event format ==
Each meet is structured similarly to Short track motor racing with two heat races and a consolation race in each class. In both classes, each heat race is five minutes plus one lap. Each heat features 20 riders (one may have 21 riders depending on qualifying results), with the top nine advancing to the feature. The other 22-23 riders are relegated to the consolation race, known as the Last Chance Qualifier, which is three minutes plus one lap, with the top four advancing to the final.
In the 450cc class, the highest placed competitor in points, provided he is in the top ten in national points, and has yet to qualify after either heat race or consolation race, will receive a provisional for the feature race. The feature race is 15 minutes plus one lap in the 250cc class, and 20 minutes plus one lap for the 450cc class, with 25 championship points for the race win. At three races in 2018 (the second Anaheim, and also the Minneapolis and Atlanta rounds), a three-heat format will be used (six, ten, and twelve minutes for 250cc, eight, twelve, and fifteen minutes for 450cc), and rules similar to the Monster Energy Cup individual heat scoring will determine the overall race winner.
For the season-ending East-West Shootout at Las Vegas for the 250cc class starting in May 2011, each region's top 20 will race in the non-championship event for a 15-minute heat race. Standard rules apply, with the feature race being 10 laps. In 2016, the East-West Shootout became a points-paying round where both regions' champions would be decided in the same feature. Starting in 2018, the combined East-West Shootout will also be held in the middle of the season, at the Indianapolis round.
Ever since the 2018 supercross season there has been three “Triple Crown” events every season. A triple crown event format is when instead of one 20 minute main event the riders are forced to race three shooter length races almost back to back to back. At the end of each race the riders are give a point for each position and the rider with the fewest points at the end of the night wins the event. Over the year the person who places the best over all of the main events will win the “triple crown cup” a trophy showing you skill in the triple crown format. The first winner of this event was Eli Tomac in 2018.
Starting with the 2012 Season, riders who are in first place in the Series' Points Lead will use the red plate to race in the Series.
If at any point during the Heat Races, LCQs or the Feature Races, that the race is red-flagged within less than 3 laps, the race will be a complete restart. However, if the race is red-flagged with more than 3 laps completed but less than 90% of the total race distance and after a minimum of a 10-minute delay, the race will be a staggered restart with riders lined up from the previous lap they went.


== Track ==
Supercross tracks feature a combination of obstacles such as whoop sections (where riders skim along the tops of multiple bumps), rhythm sections (irregular series of jumps with a variety of combination options), and triple jumps (three jumps in a row that riders normally clear in a single leap of 70 feet or more). Many of the turns have banked berms, but some are flat. It takes roughly five hundred truckloads of dirt to make up a supercross track. Soil conditions can be hard-packed, soft, muddy, sandy, rutted, or any combination thereof.


== AMA Supercross Championship winners by year ==
Merged with World Supercross Championship in 2008.


== Supercross All Time Wins List ==
All time Supercross wins list 450/250 Class SX Championships250/125 Class is a divisional championship featuring 2 regional champions per year


== Rookie Season Champions ==
1993 Jeremy McGrath won the Supercross title in his rookie season.
In 2010, Ryan Dungey became the only rider to capture both the Supercross and Motocross titles in his rookie year.


== Venues ==
Sources:


== World Supercross Championship winners by year ==
Conceived in 2003; merged with AMA series prior to the 2008 season.


== See also ==
List of Grand Prix motocross world champions
List of AMA motocross national champions
List of Trans-AMA motocross champions
Outline of motorcycles and motorcycling


== References ==


== External links ==
AMA Supercross official website of Feld Motorsports
AMA Supercross Championship official website





Koo In-Hwoi was the founder of LG Group.


== Life ==
After completing his secondary education at the Central Normal Higher School, Seoul in 1924, he took his place as director of the index cooperative, and this is his first start as a businessman.
The family of the workshop was originally the house of the poet who was counted in Yangju and Paju counties. The 12th contrast Kusamin is the younger brother of Lechansung Kusama, and the 9th control is also the seat of Seungjeongwon. 8 Control Statement After having lived in the old age of oil prices, he did not go to the post of the 7th control but went down to the pearl and grabbed the ground and did not advance to the post until the gate was closed. The grandparents of the volunteer association had the doctrine of Hongmunbu and the interlocutors. Therefore, there was a lot of difficulty because of the strong Confucianism style to start business, but thanks to the strong Confucian gaffe, he was able to start my business with the support of his grandfather.
The first project started in the name of 1931 pearl in the name of business associations, and in partnership with the family owned by the owner of the present GS Group in 1943. It became a large landowner to listen to the sound of the full moon, Busan as the money which sold the land that it bought in 1947, and in 1953 succeeded to establish Lak Hee Industrial Co., Ltd. He founded GoldStar in 1959 and started producing radios. He then started producing phones, fans, air conditioners, TV, refrigerators. He also produced Lucky Sodo toothpaste, toothbrush, soap and synthetic detergent for the first time in Korea. On the other hand, he was president of Busan, International Newspaper and Federation of Korean Industries.
RSB Radio Seoul, a predecessor of Dongyang Broadcasting, has also joined with Samsung founder Lee Byung-chul, And the two of them are twisted, leaving the president.





This is part of a list of watercourses in Western Australia. It includes all rivers, streams, brooks, creeks, gullies, anabranches, backwaters, and any other watercourses with a gazetted name, in Western Australia.
This list is complete with respect to the 1996 Gazetteer of Australia. Dubious names have been checked against the online 2004 data, and in all cases confirmed correct. However, if any watercourses have been gazetted or deleted since 1996, this list does not reflect these changes. Strictly speaking, Australian place names are gazetted in capital letters only; the names in this list have been converted to mixed case in accordance with normal capitalisation conventions. Locations are as gazetted; obviously some watercourses may extend over long distances.


== 0–9 ==


== See also ==
Geography of Western Australia


== References ==





Sebastian Monroe was an American fashion model who appeared in advertisements for Calvin Klein and Diesel (brand).
He debuted Misomber Nuan and "Fettile Derelicts" by Gian Romano who showcased his collection at Singapore's Audi Fashion Festival.Monroe was of German and Irish descent with Korean and Native American ancestry.Sebastian Monroe died Wednesday March 13, 2019.


== References ==


== External links ==
Model image from Diesel brand





The Oxford University Polo Club (often referred to as OUPC) is the Discretionary Full Blue sports club for competitive polo at Oxford University. Founded in 1874 it is one of the four oldest continuing polo clubs world wide. Its annual Varsity Match against Cambridge established in 1878 is the 2nd oldest continuing Polo Fixture in the Western World. It is played at Guards Polo Club, England, usually at the beginning of June.
The last Varsity title won by Oxford was in 2018 at the Polo Varsity Match, defeating Cambridge 13-0.
A Winter Varsity has also been created due to the growth in Arena Polo, with the last Winter Varsity title being won by Oxford, in 2019, 9-8.


== History ==


=== Early Days ===
 The Oxford University Polo Club was founded in 1874 by Walter Hume Long (1854–1929), later Viscount Long of Wraxall and First Lord of the Admiralty. Together with his group of friends going up from Wiltshire to Oxford, he founded this new club with matches on a cut hay-field in Port Meadow near Wolvercote (Oxford). This field, which was 280 yards long by 170 yards wide was to become the foundation for the club’s own pologrounds for decades to come. The ground was later on prepared with old turf and could be played on in all weather conditions as it hardly ever cut up (from 1930 on as well boarded). During the winter months, matches took place on the Bullingdon Club cricket ground (Cowley) as the summer pitch in Port Meadow was near the river and subject to flooding. The club played all year round, mostly on hirelings; playing days were Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays and the number of playing members seems to have averaged about a dozen. First records show that the club was playing in Hurlingham in 1876 as well as organising an exhibition match between Christ Church and Brasenose College at Christ Church Meadow on 1 July 1877. During the first decade, teams consisted of five members until  the set up changed in 1883 replaced by the modern game of polo.The Varsity match against Cambridge was initiated in 1877. The match was played at the Bullingdon Cricket Ground in Oxford on the 27 of November 1877, making it one of the oldest Varsity matches amongst the Blues Sports at Oxford University.   From the following year until 1939, the match was held at the Hurlingham Club, with the exceptions of 1894 and 1900 and during the First World War when no games were played (1915–1919). As a trophy, both clubs awarded commissioned silver coins. The Challenge Cup which is still used today was given by the Hurlingham Club when the match was revived after the war in 1920. Copies of the Challenge Cup were then given to individual players. No trophy was attached to the Oxford University Open Tournament. With a high standard of teams up to 18 Goals this tournament was a highlight of the British polo season until World War One brought an end to this.
From the very beginning of the club many members went on to become first-class polo players. William Kavanagh, who played in the first Varsity match in 1878, became one of the first high-handicapped players and played for England several times against the USA. After helping his side win the 1882 Varsity match, Tommy Hitchcock Sr. soon became one of America’s leading players. He captained his national team within three years of leaving and was among the first 10-goal players. His son Thomas Hitchcock, Jr. followed in his father's footsteps. As a 10-goal player he led the U.S. team to victory in the 1921 International Polo Cup, one year after his time at Oxford.
Near the turn of the century, the Oxford team included the three Nickalls brothers, two of whom went on to represent England. Their contribution at university level saw the Dark Blues romp to a 15–0 victory in 1898. Five years later, an American arrived at Oxford who was to become another 10-goal player and more famous than any of his predecessors – Devereux Milburn. Not content with gaining a rowing Blue and being on the swimming team, Milburn guided the polo team to victory in successive Varsity matches, winning by a margin of 14 goals on both occasions. Even swimming and playing polo against the same university on one day was no problem for him. He soon graduated to international level, playing number four for his country in every match between 1909 and 1927. Universally described as ‘the greatest back there has ever  been’, in his prime he had no equal. He was a pivotal member of the mighty ‘Big Four’, the greatest side to play during that era, and one that changed the way the back position is played. Previously, the English regarded the back’s role as similar to a goal-keeper in football,  i.e. to stay by the goal and defend. Whereas before, polo was a gentleman’s preoccupation. Milburn made a job of it.
Amongst the club coaches were Captain James Pearce, Lord Cowdray and Winston Churchill, who was a keen polo player himself and who came over to Port Meadow frequently from Blenheim to play polo and to help the Oxford Varsity team "by giving them a good gallop and a pipe-opener before the inter“[-Varsity].


=== Post-War ===
After the Second World War, it was with the help of Henley Polo Club that OUPC was able to start anew. The Varsity fixture was renewed in 1951 and played at Woolmers Field through the courtesy of the former Cambridge player George Lucas and Cowdray Park through the courtesy of Viscount Cowdray, an Old Oxonian who had represented the Dark Blues in the 1930s and who represented the H.P.A. as Steward and Chairman from 1947–1957. From 1961 onwards (no match was played in 1960), the venue for the match was decided annually, with the choice alternating between universities. Oxford then preferred Kirtlington Park Polo Club which became the home of the OUPC in 1954.  Since 1994, the Varsity match is played at Guards Polo Club (with exceptions in 1995, 2006 and 2009). 
During the late sixties and early seventies, when Charles, Prince of Wales played for the Cambridge side, polo at Oxford enjoyed a winning streak with eight wins in a row. Ironically, one of the strongest teams ever entered saw this streak ending. In 1974, Shahid Ali and A. Goetz were both on three goals, with the remaining players one-goalers. Cambridge could only form a team with a total handicap of minus one but were nonetheless victorious. Many of the players from this period are now well-known figures in the polo world. General Sir Redmond Watt played off a two-goal handicap while at university and subsequently became one of the highest rated Old Blue after the war when he peaked at five-goals.  Claire Tomlinson (née Lucas), who was rated at nought-goals at university, became one of polo’s few true masters of the number one position and the first woman in the world to rise to five goals. She swept away the rule forbidding women in British high-goal and became the first to compete on equal terms with men at the top tier. Her participation in the Varsity Match 1964 as the very first female player was a milestone in the history of the match. In 1966, she became the very first female captain of OUPC. It was also through the coaching of her father Arthur Lucas and his Easter Vacation Training Camps at Woolmer's Park, at the home of the Lucas family, that many young riders got encouraged to start playing polo at university.


=== Recent Years ===
Another milestone was reached in 1994: for the first time in the history of any mixed university sport, the teams which contested the Varsity match were both captained by women (Jacqui Broughton, Oxford and Emma Tomlinson, Cambridge). In the last decade  Oxford had another purple patch with five successive wins in 2007–11. In 2012, the winning streak came to an end when Oxford entered a strong +2 team against a -5 team on the Cambridge side losing 2–13. The following year saw an unprecedented rise in membership and club activities under the chairmanship of Andreas Kranke, over 100 new members, the establishment of intercollegiate 'Cuppers' and an intercollegitate Winter League. The 2013 Varsity Match was won 11–3 with the help of new addition Lanto Sheridan, who holds the highest handicap reached by post-war players while still at university. History was made in 2016 when not only the match record was broken by Oxford winning the Varsity Match 19-0 against their opponent Cambridge but the club also gaining Discretionary Full Blue Status amongst the Oxford Blues sports. 2016 also saw the installment of a Winter Varsity Match for arena polo and a renewal of the Atlantic Cup bringing together university teams from Cambridge, Harvard, Oxford and Yale with Oxford coming out the winner, and for the first time winning the University Challenge Cup at the Goldin Metropolitan Club in Tianjin, China. 2017 saw the beginning of a new Varsity tradition with the inaugural Claire Lucas Ladies Cup at Kirtlington with teams from Cambridge, Oxford and St Andrew's which Oxford won undefeated. In the same academic year, the LaMartina Varsity was won against Cambridge 5-1 and the University Challenge Cup was won for the second time in a row at the Goldin Metropolitan Club in Tianjin. In 2018 the LaMartina Varsity was won 13-0. The Varsity series now stands at 63:57 in Oxford’s favour.


== Training ==
The club caters for players of all ability levels, even complete beginners who have no experience in riding. Polo sessions including club chukkas are held throughout the year. These are run in conjunction with polo professional and H.P.A. Coach David Ashby and The Oxford Polo School, based at Kirtlington Park Polo Club. Athletes have the opportunity to attend additional theory lessons during term time as well as an intense training camp during the vacations.
The club genuinely desires to broaden public participation in the sport, both to increase the standard of play and to go against the traditional social and economic exclusivity associated with the game.
Arena polo (or indoor polo) is an affordable option for many who wish to play the sport, and the club offers reduced lesson prices for students and helps covering the entry fees for tournaments. The result is that the popularity of the club has grown steadily since the 1990s and the club has more than 100 active members (June 2013).


== Varsity match ==

 The  match format is extremely unusual as it is traditionally not handicapped. Teams are also mixed which is rare opportunity amongst the Oxford University Blues sports.  The original conditions are as followed:
"No player eligible who has been a member of his University for more than four years, or who has not been in residence during the term in which the match takes place. Instituted in 1878. Played generally at Hurlingham, in June."Currently, polo is a Discretionary Full Blue sport at Oxford University. A maximum of 4 Half Blues can be awarded at the discretion of the captain with regards to the impact made in the 'A' Varsity team. One Discretionary Full Blue may be awarded to a member of the Varsity 'A' team at the Chairman's discretion, providing that the Varsity match is won and they have a handicap of 0 or above. No Half Blues are offered to the members of the 2nd or 3rd team.
Oxford and Cambridge take it in turns to host the B-Team Varsity event on a separate weekend during Trinity Term. The Old Blues match serves as the traditional curtain raiser for Varsity Day.


== Cuppers ==
The Club runs termly inter-college polo competitions, or 'Cuppers'. In Michaelmas and Hilary Term (Arena Polo Season) it stages an intercollegiate Winter League. In Trinity Term (Outdoor Polo Season) it conducts an event on grass as a knockout competition on one weekend only. Colleges enter teams of three players. Only one guest  from another college is allowed or the team runs under the category of a mixed team.


== Nationals and fixtures ==
The Club competes in numerous exhibition matches and tournaments every year all over the UK, and increasingly abroad. Within the UK the Club participates in the two main university tournaments, the Winter Nationals in Hilary and the Summer Nationals in Trinity organised by SUPA, the Schools and Universities Polo Association. Regular fixtures against other clubs include the British Army at Sandhurst, Brookes University, Universities of London, and Skidmore College.
Inaugurated in 2002, the Atlantic Cup is traditionally played between Oxford, Cambridge, Yale and (since 2016) Harvard. The university clubs take it in rounds to organize the event making transatlantic travel arrangements for the visiting teams and helping them to arrange their mounts.
Starting in 2013 with the inaugural Metropolitan Intervarsity Polo Tournament, the Club plays against the strongest student run polo clubs from around the world at the Goldin Metropolitan Polo Club in Tianjin, China every year in July. Oxford was able to win the challenge for the first time in 2016.
Active members and alumni compete all over the world, most recently at the British Polo Day in Dubai, Singapore, Nihiwatu, India, Mexico and the Jaeger-LeCoultre Gold Cup.


== In fiction ==
In the 1917 novel of  Hilda M. Sharp, "The Stars in their Courses" (published by G. P. Putnam's) the young Hon. Patrick Kirkpatrick is a dashing horse rider and polo player at Christ Church, Oxford who runs himself into debts through gambling and his love for polo and hunting.Author F. Scott Fitzgerald loosely modeled two characters in his books on Tommy Hitchcock, Jr.: Tom Buchanan in The Great Gatsby (1925) and the Tommy Barban character in Tender Is the Night (1934).


== Notable players and alumni ==
Walter Long, 1st Viscount Long, Christ Church (1854–1924)
Thomas Hitchcock, Sr., Brasenose (1860–1941)
William Cavendish-Bentinck, 6th Duke of Portland, Christ Church (1857–1943)
Douglas Haig, 1st Earl Haig,  Brasenose (1861–1928)
Charles Trefusis, 21st Baron Clinton, (1863–1957)
Piers Alexander, Viscount Valletort, (1865–1944)
Simon Fraser, 14th Lord Lovat, Magdalen (1871–1933)
George Child Villiers, 8th Earl of Jersey, Balliol (1873–1923)
Patteson Womersley Nickalls, New College (1877–1946)
Charles Duncombe, 2nd Earl of Feversham, Christ Church (1879–1916)
Waldorf Astor, 2nd Viscount Astor, New College (1879–1952)
Thomas Agar-Robartes, Christ Church (1880–1915)
Devereux Milburn, Lincoln (1881–1942)
Rajendra Narayan II, Maharaja of Cooch Behar, Christ Church (1882–1913)
Neil Primrose, New College (1882–1917)
Harold Pearson, 2nd Viscount Cowdray, Christ Church (1882–1933)
George Bampfylde, 4th Baron Poltimore, New College (1882–1965)
Robert Hudson, 1st Viscount Hudson, Magdalen (1880–1957)
Archibald Leslie-Melville, 13th Earl of Leven, Christ Church (1890–1947)
Prince Serge Obolensky, Christ Church (1890–1978)
Edward VIII, Magdalen (1894–1972)
Tommy Hitchcock, Jr., Brasenose (1900–1944)
Francis Hastings, 16th Earl of Huntingdon, Christ Church (1901–1990)
Weetman Pearson, 3rd Viscount Cowdray, Christ Church (1910–1995)
Charles Wood, 2nd Earl of Halifax, Christ Church (1912–1980)
George Petty-Fitzmaurice, 8th Marquess of Lansdowne, Christ Church (1912–1997)
Arthur Budgett, Christ Church (1916–2011)
George Haig, 2nd Earl Haig, Christ Church (1918–2009)
Peter Palumbo, Baron Palumbo, Worcester (b. 1935)
Arturo Goetz, Jesus (1944 – 2014)
Claire Tomlinson, Somerville (b. 1944)
H.R.H. Prince Hassan bin Talal, Christ Church (b. 1947)
Redmond Watt, Christ Church (b. 1950)
H.R.H. Crown Prince Abdullah of Pahang, Worcester (b. 1959)
Richard Rowley, (b. 1959)
Allanah Weston, Merton (b. 1972)
François Perrodo, St Peter's (b. 1977)
Lanto Sheridan, Harris Manchester (b. 1988)
Hon. Vere Harmsworth, St Peter's (b. 1994)


== References ==
Notes
Bibliography


== External links ==
Official website of OUPC
Oxford University Polo Club on Twitter





Alta Vista Township is a township in Lincoln County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 212 at the 2000 census.
Alta Vista Township was named for its lofty elevation, the name being derived from Latin and meaning "high view".


== Geography ==
According to the United States Census Bureau, the township has a total area of 36.5 square miles (95 km2), all of it land.


== Demographics ==
As of the census of 2000, there were 212 people, 71 households, and 59 families residing in the township.  The population density was 5.8 people per square mile (2.2/km²).  There were 76 housing units at an average density of 2.1/sq mi (0.8/km²).  The racial makeup of the township was 100.00% White.
There were 71 households out of which 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 78.9% were married couples living together, 1.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.9% were non-families. 15.5% of all households were made up of individuals and 4.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.02.
In the township the population was spread out with 19.8% under the age of 18, 9.4% from 18 to 24, 20.8% from 25 to 44, 27.4% from 45 to 64, and 22.6% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females, there were 120.8 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.2 males.
The median income for a household in the township was $58,125, and the median income for a family was $66,250. Males had a median income of $23,000 versus $28,750 for females. The per capita income for the township was $22,063.  About 3.4% of families and 10.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including none of those under the age of eighteen and 35.2% of those sixty five or over.


== References ==





Caladenia wanosa, commonly known as the Kalbarri spider orchid, is a species of orchid endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It has a single erect, hairy leaf and one or two cream-coloured flowers with red stripes. It is common but only in a restricted area of the state.


== Description ==
Caladenia wanosa is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a single erect, hairy leaf, 30–60 mm long and about 3 mm wide. One or two cream-coloured flowers with red stripes, and 30–50 mm long, 30–40 mm wide are borne on a stalk 120–200 mm high. The sepals have thick, brownish, club-like glandular tips 3–6 mm long. The dorsal sepal is erect, 12–30 mm long and about 1 mm wide but curves forward. The lateral sepals are 12–30 mm long, about 1 mm wide and curve downwards. The petals are 20–22 mm long, about 1 mm wide and arranged like the lateral sepals. The labellum is 12–13 mm long, 8–10 mm wide and cream-coloured with wide red lines. The tip of the labellum is red, curls downward and there are two rows of club-shaped calli along the labellum mid-line. Flowering occurs from August to mid-September.


== Taxonomy and naming ==
Caladenia wanosa was first formally described in 2001 by Alex George from a speciment collected north of the Murchison River and the description was published in Nuytsia. The specific epithet (wanosa) is derived from the name of the Western Australian Native Orchid Study and Conservation Group.


== Distribution and habitat ==
The Kalbarri spider orchid is found between the Murchison River and Eurardy Reserve growing in shrubland and mallee woodland. There are also small populations near Mullewa and Yuna in the Geraldton Sandplains biogeographic region.


== Conservation ==
Caladenia wanosa is classified as "Threatened Flora (Declared Rare Flora — Extant)" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife and as "vulnerable" by the Australian Government Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999. The main threats to the species are weed invasion and grazing by feral pigs (Sus scrofa), goats (Capra hircus), rabbits (Oryctolagus cuniculus) and sheep.


== References ==





The 2016 CS Warsaw Cup was a senior international figure skating competition, held in November 2016 in Warsaw, Poland. It was part of the 2016–17 ISU Challenger Series. Medals were awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing.


== Entries ==
The International Skating Union published the full preliminary list of entries on 30 October 2016.

Withdrew before starting orders drawnMen: Deniss Vasiļjevs (LAT)
Ladies: Hristina Vassileva (BUL), Angelīna Kučvaļska (LAT)


== Results ==


=== Men ===


=== Ladies ===


=== Pairs ===


=== Ice dancing ===


== References ==


== External links ==
2016 CS Warsaw Cup at the International Skating Union
Results page





The white-fronted chat (Epthianura albifrons) is a species of bird in the honeyeater family Meliphagidae native to southern Australia. The male has a white face bordered by a black breast band. It is insectivorous.


== Taxonomy ==
Jardine and P.J.Selby described the white-fronted chat in 1828 as Acanthiza albifrons. Lesson described it in 1844 as Fluvicola leucocephala, and Brehm as Cinura torquata in 1845.The species is monotypic; that is, no subspecies are recognised. Tasmanian birds were thought to have longer bills but this has not been borne out on further investigation.This species has collected many vernacular names: Gould called it white-fronted epthianura in 1848, a direct translation of its Latin name, while from its distinctive call were derived the names (banded) tintack, gar, and tang, and the males' resemblance to a nun's habit led to the name (white-fronted) nun, similarly baldyhead, baldy, ringneck and singlebar come from its appearance. The derivation of others, such as clipper and tripper, is unclear.


== Description ==
Adult white-fronted chats are 11–13 cm in length and weigh 13 g. The male has a white face and breast bordered by a black band across the breast and back. The upperparts are grey, and wings and tail are brown, and abdomen is white. The eyes are white, whereas the eyes of the female are brown. The female has brown upperparts and white underparts with a faint darker breast band.The call, a tang sound, has been likened to the twanging of a rubber band.


== Distribution and habitat ==
It is endemic to Australia, being found across southern Australia (including Tasmania) from Shark Bay in Western Australia around to the Queensland/New South Wales border. The white-fronted chat has been listed as vulnerable in New South Wales, and threatened in the Adelaide-Mount Lofty region of South Australia, where it has become much rarer, though is listed globally as least concern. It is generally sedentary, though may be nomadic in more arid parts of its range.


== References ==





Matheus Thiago de Carvalho (born March 11, 1992), known as Matheus Carvalho, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Náutico. As well as Fluminense, he also spent time on loan to Joinville and Monaco.


== Career ==
On 31 January 2015, Carvalho moved on loan to AS Monaco FC till the end of the 2014–15 season, with an option for AS Monaco to make the deal permanent.On 13 March 2015, Carvalho scored his first goal for AS Monaco FC vs Bastia.
Carvalho signed with North American Soccer League club Fort Lauderdale Strikers on 8 February 2016.


== Honours ==
FluminenseCampeonato Brasileiro Série A: 2010
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A: 2012 
Taça Guanabara: 2012
Campeonato Carioca: 2012JoinvilleCopa Santa Catarina: 2013Atlético Clube GoianienseCampeonato Brasileiro Série B: 2016


== References ==


== External links ==
Matheus Carvalho at FootballDatabase.eu





The Off-Beats is a series of short animations that was created by Mo Willems. The first episodes were produced as stand-alone short films for Nickelodeon; but after the series was nominated for a CableACE Award, more segments were produced for KaBlam! The series was initially called The Misfits, but Nickelodeon had Willems change the series' title (and re-animate the intro) at the very last moment before its broadcast debut. The series was the first to end on KaBlam! after Willems moved to Cartoon Network to create Sheep in the Big City; it too was canceled after two years on the air.
The show features a distinct art style, with flat, dry colors. The animation is similar to that of UPA, Curious Pictures and Hanna-Barbera cartoons. The series itself (especially in story and concept) harkens back to the classic Peanuts TV specials, especially since the majority of the voice cast are child actors. Each episode is scored with a jazz soundtrack, sometimes featuring big-band music, but mostly featuring a simple combination of a piano, drums and a double bass. Each segment was two to four minutes in length. Most of the soundtracks in the shorts are similar to The Pink Panther cartoon shorts.
After 15 years, the Off Beats Valentine Special, thought to be lost, can be viewed on YouTube as of February 27, 2014.


== Theme song ==
The theme introduction to the shorts always consisted of this short poem, spoken by Grubby Groo (voiced by Mo Willems):
"Dey nervous, dey nebbish, dey small, and the Populars don't like 'em at all. But that's okay, life is sweet. Dey cool. Dey the Off-Beats."
The introduction to the original pre-Kablam shorts uses a different variation:
"Dey nervous, dey nebbish, dey small, and the Populars don't like 'em at all. But that's okay, dey don't call it quits. Dey cool. Dey the Misfits."
The Valentine's Day special uses a different variation of the theme song specifically for the special:
"They nervous, they nebbish, they small, and the Populars don't like 'em at all. It don't matter, dey hip. Dey got they own friendship. But when love is in the air. It can cause quite a scare. And sometimes it's hard to define. What goes down on Valentine's."


== Characters ==


=== The Off-Beats ===
Betty Anne Bongo - Betty Anne is the realistically thinking "leader" of the clique. She can usually be found playing her bongo set. She often sings her own little theme song: "My name is Betty Anne Bongo, I sing this little song-O, I sing it all day long-O!" along with rapidly banging on her bongos (although on one occasion, she sings it without the aid of her bongos). Betty is originally against puppy love as she does not see the point of it since friendship is another option, but then develops a crush on Brad Groo. She is voiced by Mischa Barton.
Tommy - Tommy loves his plaid coat, so much so that in one episode it is the basis for the plot when it is sent to the cleaners and he goes temporarily insane. On numerous occasions he breaks his calm demeanor and loses his temper causing him to shout with words coming out of his mouth, usually startling his friends and himself. Betty is able to copy Tommy's movements and yelling voice at ease, and Repunzil is able to do the same as shown in the Valentine special. His catchphrase is "Let me just say..." when confronting the Populars, accompanied by his yelling (voiced by Kevin Seal). He also claims he is an outsider in the pilot. He seems to love fishing as he did it in the pilot and "The Statistic". Tommy is voiced by Mark Wagner.
Repunzil - Repunzil is the youngest in the clique and can be quite naive. She is known for her floor-length hair (which is why she was named after the fairy tale character Rapunzel). She can be slow-witted at times because of her young age and does not know how to tie her shoes. Repunzil is an animal lover; she orders a lot of animals (and a toaster) in the "Sweepstakes" episode and sets up September with a duck and an elephant as a crush in the Valentine special. In the same special she has a crush on Tommy and tries to give him a Valentine's chocolate gift before eating it. She gets mad at her mother for doing her hair in a goofy way. She tends to say: "Sometimes I hate my mom". She is voiced by Trisha Hedgecock.
August - August is the most technologically inclined brain of the Off-Beats, but many of his gadgets fail or backfire unexpectedly. While some episodes imply that August makes his gadgets himself, others imply that he purchases them. He has an interest in impressing The Populars and gaining their respect. August is the only character to appear at least once in every episode. He may have a crush on Tina since he tries to get her to be his valentine with an invention he made, which results him being thrown in the punchbowl at the party. He is voiced by Dylan Roberts.
September - August's sarcastic talking dog is usually ambivalent to most situations and plot-lines. Despite that, he does enjoy the company of the Off-Beats. September is paid to like August, as shown in one episode, and has a contract that permits him to have at least one day off. Despite his natural intelligence, he can not seem to open a simple can of dog food. He can play the bagpipes, as shown in the last short. He once fell in love with a falling cat named February, which his dog friends found strange. Eventually, a dog war broke out and he and his girlfriend had to flee Paris before the dog invasion. Although she said she would be at the train station, she never showed. They finally reunited when February fell onto September's turntable during the dance, making September happy again. He is voiced by the series' creator, Mo Willems.
Grubby Groo - The beatnik-looking adult friend of the Off-Beats, and the only one who realizes what big jerks the Populars are, as shown in the pilot and 'The Sprain". He works in Cafe Ad Hoc, which is famous for its special Junkyard Sundae. He golfs, as shown in the last short. He has a nephew named Brad (voiced by Bradley Glenn), on whom Betty Anne has a crush. Brad helps him set up the Valentine's Day dance. He is voiced by creator Mo Willems.


=== The Populars ===
The Populars are a clique of six mean popular kids, usually seen led by Tina, traveling in a huge nose-in-the-air clump. Whenever they come across an adult, they all put on phony smiles and pretend to be nice. Grubby Groo knows that they are just hiding their evilness. The Populars not only walk together, but sleep and live together as well Each individual is allowed a bathroom break, which enables separation of the group to commence. This is how Beth is able to talk to Tommy without getting into trouble.
The Populars seem to be the inspiration for the antagonists, the Delightful Children from Down The Lane, in Codename: Kids Next Door, a cartoon on which Mo Willems has also worked.
Tina - Tina is the mean-spirited leader of the Populars. If the Off-Beats ever show any self-esteem, she is there to squash it. Despite being spoiled and her bad attitude, she seems to be intelligent, as she is curious about Betty Anne's inability to react to her negative comments. Some of her insults make little or no sense or are deemed too childish; for example, in one episode she calls paddleball "Stupid" and says that Betty Anne will get "bumpkis" once Repunzil wins the Sweepstakes. She is something of a stereotypical "school diva". Voiced by Kathleen Fasolino.
Beth - Tina's best friend and sidekick in the group. It is her job to warn the Populars whenever a grown-up is near; she usually shouts "Adult!" Then the Populars begin their phony "nice" act. Once she and Tommy fell in love with each other, and they had to keep it secret. Voiced by Tara Ketterer.
Billy - A boy who wears a red beanie cap. A running gag in the series usually involves him saying something that will anger Tina, and then the Populars throw him forward into the distance, causing him to crash into something (most likely a trash can given the sound effects) and scream. Voiced by Jimmy McQuaid.
The remaining Populars are voiced by Tim Duffy (P Boy), Keith Franklin (Hat Boy), and John Morgan (Back Boy).


== Segments ==


=== Stand-alone short films: 1995 ===

The animation was choppier and the character's voices are younger. Also, the bean-shaped logo for The Off-beats was green instead of pink and a Nickelodeon arrow logo appeared at the logo. These episodes were made to promote the premiere of KaBlam! The episodes are on NickSplat's Youtube channel for now.

My Dog Can Talk: In an effort to befriend the Populars, August tells them that his dog, September, is able to talk. When he says "bow", the Populars laugh, but then he corrects the Populars and commands them to bow down to him, shocking them all.
Shoelaces (a.k.a. "Your Shoe's Untied"): The Populars play the old your shoe's untied prank on the Off-Beats, but it only works on Repunzil, who then asks Grubby Groo to tie her shoes for her.
The Twig: Betty Anne finds a twig and tries to save it with the "help" of Repunzil. It does not work and they ask Tommy for advice. He suggests they leave it alone (his yelling also killed the twig even more) and then August and September use it for a game of fetch (which is played the other-way around).


=== Season 1: 1996-1997 ===
The first season features The Off-beats' pink logo without the Nickelodeon arrow logo.

"The Robodog": Because September takes a day off from being August's dog, he orders a new robotic dog, which "plays 4-ever." This soon bores August, and September begins to get jealous. So September obtains a Roboboy, which also "plays 4-ever," which causes the Robodog to leave August and befriend the Roboboy instead.
"Too Much Attention for September": August takes a ride in his new invention, the heli-cart, and September refuses to go with him. As he does this, everyone tries to talk with him or play with him, driving him insane. (Solely by Steven Dovas.)
"Betty Anne's Glasses": When Betty Anne Bongo loses her glasses after playing her bongos, the Populars find them and Tina puts them on to mimic her. They hide them from the Off-Beats, who are unaware of this, and then September figures it out and devises a plan to get them back. (Solely by Karen Villarreal.)


=== Season 2: 1997-1998 ===
"Tommy's Coat": When Tommy has his coat sent to be dry-cleaned, he begins to slowly go insane because he misses his prized possession. Betty Anne tries to help him. He even hallucinates the Populars having the same color pattern as the coat! (Solely by Karen Villarreal.)
"The Suave-O-Matic 5000": August wants to be friends with the Populars, so he uses his Suave-O-Matic, which results in him getting taller and cooler with a deeper voice. The Populars befriend the new August, and all goes well until he decides to play paddleball, which causes the Suave-O-Matic to explode. (Solely by Karen Villarreal.)
"Tommy's Song": Tommy hears a song on the radio and gets it stuck in his head, and he can not stop singing it, so Betty Anne tries to help him out. He is even able to scare away the Populars with his song because the song is now stuck in their heads. Once they finally helped him, Repunzil arrives with the song stuck in her head, which gets to the Off-Beats as well. (Solely by Frank Gresham.)
"Repunzil and the Sweepstakes": Repunzil gets an entry form in the mail for a sweepstakes with a million-dollar prize. She believes she is going to win, and the Populars befriend her in hopes she will buy stuff for them. (Solely by Steven Dovas.)
"The Sprain": Betty Anne sprains her wrist, and despite all the attention she is getting, she is depressed because she can not play her bongos. The Populars are jealous of the huge Junkyard Sundae Grubby Groo makes for her, and try to fake being injured so they can also get a sundae. (Duetly by Ron Crawford and John Paratore.)
"Paddleball Record": When August is too busy trying to break a paddleball record, September goes off to party, but realizes he cannot open his can of dog food, so he is incredibly hungry. Thankfully, August sees this and feeds his dog in time. (Solely by Steven Dovas.)
"The Statistic": When the gang hears from September about the probability that a person in a group of four would be conked on the head by something falling from the sky, Tommy tries to leave the group because he seems to be the target. (Note: This episode features more adults, backgrounds, children and locations than any other episode, although the Valentines has the same. This was also the last episode produced, and the Off-Beats was taken off of the KaBlam! roster after Season 2, but had its Valentine's Day special debut in 1999.)


=== Specials: 1999 ===
An Off-Beats Valentine's: This half-hour TV special features everyone getting ready for Valentine's Day, and Tommy of the Off-Beats and Beth of the Populars develop a crush on each other. September also reminisces about a female cat named February he was in love with. Repunzil tries to get September a new crush, and tries to give an escaping Tommy a valentine gift, and August tries to figure out how to get a girlfriend without the use of technology. (Animated by the sixpence.)Note: In this episode, Tommy is seen without his hat for the only time in the series, revealing that he is bald. This episode reveals September had a girlfriend that is explained ina  backstory. This episode also proves that the Populars do in fact sleep and live together, and each individual member is allowed a bathroom break. Repunzil is shown to yell like Tommy. She is the second Off-Beat to do so; the first was Betty Anne. This was also the very last episode produced by Mo Willems, who moved to the Cartoon Network to create Sheep in the Big City.
Production notes: As the original voiceover child actors and animators returned, everyone was set for the production as cited in a press release: "We've had the same team of independent animators and voiceover kids for the past four years, so everyone really understood their characters and was ready to jam". It was produced in 1998 and aired on Nickelodeon in 1999 during the Nickel-O-Zone era rather than only on KaBlam!. This is the first 30-minute episode and the only holiday special. Willems uploaded the music score for the cartoon's theme song, the flashback of September's girlfriend's story, and the sad valentine song September played at the dance at a low volume because of the horrific lyrics. The script for the full episode was also uploaded and then removed. Thought to be lost, the episode was finally uploaded to YouTube.


== References ==





The Real Democracy Movement of New Zealand was a short-lived political movement in New Zealand founded in 1942. The Social Credit Movement decided to set up a "separate political organisation" the “Real Democracy Movement” at their annual conference in January 1942, but the RDM got only about 4,400 votes in the 1943 election.The movement's aims, as stated at the first annual conference, held at Lower Hutt on 22 January 1943, was for “economic security combined with individual liberty”, and advocated that all returned servicemen should be paid at least the average wage until they were re-integrated into civil employment.The movement stood 25 candidates in the 1943 election, and also supported two of the three Fighting Forces League (FFL) candidates. The movement received only 4,421 votes (0.53%, on provisional count of votes).In a post-election letter, F. Allen (a North Island executive member) stated that the movement wanted fewer controls except that "the people should control money or credit policy, something vastly different from what obtains at present"; and objected to the movement being called a party.Roly Marks, another North Island executive member, later stood several times for  Social Credit. Like nearly half the executive, he was a returned soldier from World War I.


== References ==





Francisco de Paula del Villar y Lozano (Murcia, 1828 – Barcelona, 1901) was a Spanish architect.


== Biography ==
Villar studied architecture in Madrid at the Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando, and qualified in 1852. The following year he settled in Barcelona and was elected a member of what is now known as the  Reial Acadèmia Catalana de Belles Arts de Sant Jordi. In 1854 he designed a series of emergency hospitals for victims of the cholera epidemic. Amongst other public appointments he became president of the Association of Architects and director of the Higher School of Architecture.
He held the post of diocesan architect from 1874 to 1892, and was succeeded in it by his son Francesc de Paula del Villar i Carmona. He restored the church of  Santa Maria del Pi, the Basílica de Santa Maria de Vilafranca and the Casa de Misericòrdia; he also designed many parish churches and the apse of the basilica of the Monastery of Montserrat, a commission on which Antoni Gaudí worked under him in a junior capacity. 


== Sagrada Família ==
In 1877 he was commissioned by the Associació de Devots de Sant Josep to build the church of the Sagrada Família. Villar planned a Neo-Gothic design, of which only the crypt was built. He abandoned the project in 1883 as a result of disagreements with Joan Martorell, the architect advising  Josep Maria Bocabella, president  of the Associació de Devots de Sant Josep and promoter of the  project. The job was offered to  Martorell, who turned it down, and instead recommended Antoni Gaudi. Gaudi then took charge of the project and made it into his magnum opus.


== External links ==
Arquitectura Barcelona :: Francisco de Paula del Villar i Lozano





William Fairbanks (May 24, 1894 – April 1, 1945) was an American actor. He appeared in over 65 silent era motion pictures between 1916 and 1928.


== Biography ==
Fairbanks was born Carl Ullman in St. Louis, Missouri, the son of Charles and Emma E. Ullman. His father was born in Bavaria, Germany, emigrated to the U.S. and became a naturalized citizen, and his mother was born in Illinois. His father was a dry goods merchant and his mother a saleslady at their store. At age 16, Carl worked as a clerk in a stationery store in St. Louis.
His first film role was as Capt. Pierre Thierry in the war drama Somewhere in France (1916) starring Louise Glaum and Howard C. Hickman. He was then living at 20 Horizon Avenue in Venice, California, where he registered to vote. He appeared in five movies released in 1917, including his role as Dillon in the drama The Little Brother starring Enid Bennett and William Garwood. He was then living at 115 Dudley Avenue in Venice, where he registered for the draft of World War I. He went on to serve as an ensign in the U.S. Navy.
Appearing in only one movie released in 1918, as Stuart Morley in the comedy/drama The Hired Man starring Charles Ray and Charles K. French, he was then absent from the screen for over a year due to the war. In 1920, he lived at 1309 Ocean Front in Santa Monica, and four of his movies were released that year.
He was elevated to star status by independent producers Phil Goldstone and Ben F. Wilson. His screen name, taken from that of Douglas Fairbanks, whose real surname happened to be the same as his, came about with the release of his starring role in Goldstone's western Hearts of the West (1920) opposite Frances Conrad.
Fairbanks and Edna Whitson were married in October 1920 and divorced in 1930. They had one son, William Fairbanks (December 12, 1923 – April 20, 1999), who served in the Navy during World War II.
Other movies of Fairbanks include the western The Clean-Up (1922); the western Down by the Rio Grande co-starring Dorothy Revier, the drama A Fight for Honor co-starring Eva Novak, in which Fairbanks played the role as Jack Adams, the Columbia Pictures auto racing action/drama Racing for Life co-starring Eva Novak, in which Fairbanks played the role as Jack Grant, and the western Border Women co-starring Dorothy Revier, in which Fairbanks played Big Boy Merritt, (all released in 1924); the serial Vanishing Millions co-starring Vivian Rich, in which Fairbanks played Dave Merrill, and the action Flying High co-starring Alice Calhoun, in which Fairbanks played Roy Cummins, (both released in 1926); the crime/drama One Chance in a Million co-starring Viora Daniel, in which Fairbanks played Jerry Blaine, and the action/adventure The Down Grade co-starring Alice Calhoun, in which Fairbanks played Ted Lansing, (both released in 1927); and the MGM wagon train western Wyoming (1928) with Tim McCoy and Dorothy Sebastian, and directed by W.S. Van Dyke, in which Fairbanks played Buffalo Bill Cody.
Although Fairbanks was a busy movie star through the greater part of the 1920s, after playing Long Collins in The Vanishing West (1928), he retired from the screen.
William Fairbanks died at age 50 of lobar pneumonia in Los Angeles. A military funeral service was conducted at graveside in Los Angeles National Cemetery, Sawtelle.


== Selected filmography ==
Somewhere in France (1916)
The Little Brother (1917)
Wolf Lowry (1917)
The Flame of the Yukon (1917)
The Hired Man (1918)
Her Man (1924)
The Beautiful Sinner (1924)
The Other Kind of Love (1924)
The Fearless Lover (1925)
The Handsome Brute (1925)
A Fight to the Finish (1925)
The Winning Wallop (1926)
Flying High (1926)
Spoilers of the West (1927)
Wyoming (1928)
Under the Black Eagle (1928)
The Vanishing West (1928)


== References ==


== External links ==
William Fairbanks on IMDb 
William Fairbanks at Find A Grave





"Lloran Las Rosas" (English: The Roses Cry) is a ballad written by Alfredo Matheus and performed by Mexican singer-songwriter Cristian Castro. It was released by BMG U.S. Latin on November 3, 1997 as the fourth single from his fifth studio album Lo Mejor de Mí (1997). In 2012, Castro recorded a live version of "Lloran Las Rosas" as a vallenato duet with Colombian musicians Jorge Celedón and Jimmy Zimbrano. This version was included on his second live album En Primera Fila: Día 2 in 2014.


== Chart performance ==


== Music video ==
A music video, directed by J.C. Barros, was shot in 1998.


== Covers ==
In 2000, salsa musician Dominic covered the song which peaked at #21 on the Hot Latin Songs chart.


== References ==





Mini-Europe is a miniature park located in Bruparck, at the foot of the Atomium, in Brussels, Belgium. Mini-Europe has reproductions of monuments in the European Union on show, at a scale of 1:25. Roughly 80 cities and 350 buildings are represented. Mini-Europe receives 350,000 visitors per year and has a turnover of €4 million.The park contains live action models such as trains, mills, an erupting Mount Vesuvius, and cable cars. A guide gives the details on all the monuments. At the end of the visit, the Spirit of Europe exhibition gives an interactive overview of the European Union in the form of multimedia games.
The park is built on an area of 24,000 m2 (300,000 sq ft). The initial investment was of €10 million in 1989, on its inauguration by then-Prince Philip of Belgium.


== Exhibits ==


=== Building the monuments ===

The monuments exposed are chosen for the quality of their architecture or their European symbolism. Most of the monuments were made using moulds. The final copy used to be cast from epoxy resin, but nowadays polyester is used. Three of the monuments were made out of stone (e.g. the tower of Pisa, in marble). A computer-assisted milling procedure was used for two of the models. After painting, the monuments are installed on site, together with decorations and lighting.
Many of the monuments were financed by European countries or regions. The Brussels Grand Place model cost €350,000 to make. The Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela required more than 24,000 hours of work.


=== Gardens ===
Ground cover plants, dwarf trees, bonsais and grafted trees are used alongside miniature monuments, and the paths are adorned with bushes and flowers.


== List of models ==

		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		


== See also ==
Madurodam — Model village in Netherlands containing miniature famous Dutch landmarks
Catalunya en Miniatura — miniature park located 17 km away from Barcelona, with an exhibition area of 35.000 m2 including all major buildings of Catalonia and of Antoni Gaudí
Italia in miniatura — miniature park near Rimini
Bekonscot — typical English village in miniature
Huis ten Bosch — Japanese theme park modelled on the cities and landscape of the Low Countries
Minimundus miniature park in Klagenfurt, Austria.


== External links ==
Mini-Europe official website
Mini-Europe in Brussels
Koshy, Yohann (27 April 2016). "These Photos of a Crumbling Pro-EU Theme Park Show a Europe in Existential Crisis". Vice. Retrieved 29 April 2016.


== References ==





Presidential elections were held in Liberia in 1851. The result was a victory for incumbent President Joseph Jenkins Roberts.


== References ==





Macrocheilus hybridus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Anthiinae. It was described by Peringuey in 1896.


== References ==





Hegermila is a genus of fungi within the Hyaloscyphaceae family. The genus contains 4 species.


== References ==


== External links ==
Hegermila at Index Fungorum





Defence Equipment and Support (DE&S) is a trading entity and joint-defence organisation within the UK Ministry of Defence.  It began operating on 2 April 2007 following the merger of the MoD's Defence Procurement Agency and the Defence Logistics Organisation, under the Chief Executive Officer of Defence Equipment and Support.The organisation had a civilian and military workforce of around 29,000 (77 per cent civilian and 23 per cent military), in the UK and abroad. DE&S operates as a single Top Level Budget. As of 2008 the DE&S workforce was around 24,500, further reducing under the 'PACE' business improvement programme to around 21,000 by 2012. Of this, around 8,000 posts have been housed at Abbey Wood since 2012.


== History ==

Defence Equipment and Support was established on 2 April 2007. DE&S is overseen by the Minister of State for Defence Procurement. The organisation supports Joint Forces Command and the subsidiary individual armed services thorough Headquarters Air Command, Army Headquarters and Navy Command,


== Strategic governance ==


=== Defence Equipment and Support Board ===
Includes:
The Board provides strategic governance for DE&S and a robust forum for independent, non-executive support and constructive challenge to the Chief
Executive and the Executive Committee. The DE&S Board delegates some activities to sub-committees of the Board, namely the Audit, Remuneration,
Programme Review and Nomination Committees. The Chairman ensures that the Board receives feedback on these sub-Committees and that it is able to
consider their recommendations.


== Direction and oversight ==


=== Executive Committee Defence Equipment and Support ===
Includes:
DE&S is led on a day-to-day basis by the Executive Committee, which consists of the Chief Executive Officer, Director General Resources as Chief Finance
Officer, the Director General Commercial and six Chiefs of Materiel who lead the delivery of the programme of work in their respective domains.Note:Vice-Admiral, Lister is currently on a sabbatical from his Royal Navy Career to be Managing Director of the Aircraft Carrier Alliance.


==== Sub Committees ====
Includes: The following subordinate Committees provide specialised support to the Executive Committee.


== Administration of (DE&S) and Senior Leadership ==
The organisation is under the leadership of a civilian Chief Executive Officer of Defence Equipment and Support since 2015. After the restructuring in 2011 there are four three-star posts under the Chief of Defence Materiel.  These are the positions of  Chief of Materiel (Fleet), a Royal Navy Vice Admiral, and Chief of Materiel (Land), a British Army Lieutenant General (who also holds the appointment of Quartermaster-General to the Forces), Chief of Materiel (Air), a Royal Air Force Air Marshal and Chief of Materiel (Joint Enablers).


=== Chief Executive Officer of Defence Equipment and Support ===


==== Former leadership ====


===== Chiefs of Defence Materiel =====


====== Chief of Corporate Performance ======
The Chief of Corporate Performance (CCP) was responsible for managing the business effectively and setting policy in key corporate functional areas.  The post was discontinued as at 1 June 2011.


====== Chief Operating Officer ======
The Chief Operating Officer (COO) was responsible for project and programme delivery across DE&S. This includes supporting the equipment through life, and the performance of the industrial supply chain.  The post was discontinued 1 June 2011.


=== Chiefs of Materiel for Air/Army/Navy/Joint-Enablers ===
The Chiefs of Materiel (CofMs) are responsible for managing key relationships with the Capability Sponsor and User. They work at the strategic level to make sure that the operational readiness and sustainability needs of the User are met.The CofMs ensure an ethos of support to operations is in place to the User, throughout all DE&S activity.


==== Chief of Materiel (Fleet)/Chief of Fleet Support ====


==== Chief of Materiel (Submarines) ====


===== Directorate of Submarine Acquisitions =====


===== Directorate of Submarines Support =====


==== Chief of Materiel (Ships) ====


===== Directorate of Ships Support =====


===== Directorate of Ships Acquisition =====


==== Chief of Materiel (Land) ====


===== Directorate of Land Equipment =====


===== Directorate of Weapons =====


==== Chief of Materiel (Air) ====


===== Directorate of Air Support =====


===== Directorate of Combat Air =====


==== Chief of Materiel (Joint Enablers) ====


===== Directorate of Helicopters =====


=== Submarine Delivery Agency ===


=== Functions ===


==== Directorate-General (Commercial) ====


===== Commercial =====


===== Commercial Function =====


===== Contract Management =====


===== Corporate Function  Manager =====


==== Directorate-General (Resources) ====


===== Finance =====


===== Transformation =====


===== Information Technology =====


===== Corporate Function  Manager =====


==== Directorate Human Resources ====


===== Insight and Research =====


===== Corporate Function  Manager =====


==== Directorate, General Programmes ====


===== Corporate Function  Managers =====


==== Directorate, Corporate Operations ====


===== Corporate Function  Managers =====


== Major projects ==
DE&S manages a variety of defence procurement and support projects inherited from the DLO and DPA for all three services. Examples of current and future procurement projects include:


=== Vessels ===
Type 45 destroyer  class.
Astute submarine class.
Albion landing platform dock class.
Bay landing ship dock class.
Queen Elizabeth-class aircraft carrier class.
Type 26 frigate warship class.
General Purpose Frigate class
River-class patrol vessel
Tide-class tanker
Solid Support Ship
Vanguard submarine class.
Dreadnought-class submarine Replacement class for the Vanguard-Class


=== Aircraft ===
Eurofighter Typhoon fighter aircraft.
F-35 Joint Strike Fighter fighter aircraft.
A400M transport aircraft.
C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft.
Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport aircraft
Future Strategic Tanker Aircraft (FSTA)/Airbus A330 MRTT aerial refueling tanker.
Apache MkI attack helicopter.
Merlin HC3 support and Merlin HM1 anti-submarine warfare helicopters.
Hawk 128 advanced jet trainer.
Watchkeeper Unmanned Aerial Vehicle.
Future Offensive Air System.
Airseeker.
Protector UAV.
Air Support to Defence Operational Training.


=== Vehicles ===
Mastiff Cougar (vehicle) Protected Patrol Vehicle.
Ajax (Scout SV)
Panther Command and Liaison Vehicle.
Viking armoured personnel carrier.
Mechanised Infantry Vehicle
Multi Role Vehicle-Protected (MRV-P) (MRV-P)


=== Munitions ===
AIM-132 ASRAAM (air-to-air missile).
Meteor air-to-air missile.
Storm Shadow cruise missile.
Brimstone air-launched anti-tank guided missile.
FGM-148 Javelin anti-tank guided missile.
Main Battle Tank and Light Armour Weapon (MBT LAW) anti-tank missile.
Defence general munitions (DGM).
SPEAR, Selective Precision Effects At Range munitions, see for example, SPEAR 3


=== Other ===
Information Systems & Services
Future Integrated Soldier Technology modular infantry equipment system.
Bowman tactical communications system.
Skynet 5 strategic communications satellite system.
Light weapons, photography and batteries (LWPB)


== Main locations ==
As of 2016 the main locations (with staff numbers) were:
MoD Abbey Wood (7,920) - Head Office
DM Beith (220) - Defence Munitions
MoD Bicester (140) - Logistics
HMNB Clyde (100) - Fleet Support and Defence Munitions
HMNB Devonport (220) - Fleet Support and Defence Munitions
DM Kineton (240) - Defence Munitions
DM Longtown (120) - Defence Munitions
Ministry of Defence, London (90) - Policy
RAF Northolt (210) - British Forces Post Office
HMNB Portsmouth and DM Gosport (350) - Fleet Support and Defence Munitions
Rosyth Dockyard (120) - Fleet Support and Defence Munitions
RAF Waddington (170) - ISTAR Support
Yeovil (410) - Helicopter SupportResponsibility for 'Logistics, Commodities and Services' (including storage and delivery of non-weaponry equipment, such as food and clothing, to soldiers) was contracted out to the private sector in 2015 under an arrangement that included the transfer of 1,100 staff and construction of a new 'Defence Fulfilment Centre' at MoD Donnington.


== References ==


== Attribution ==
This article contains text from this source: https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/526950/DES_Corporate_Plan_201619-20160526.pdf. © Crown copyright, which is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0


== External links ==
Official website
DE&S Organisation Structure (May 2017)





Sir Robert Carminowe Michell  (2 September 1876 – 22 January 1956) was a British diplomat who was minister to Bolivia and Uruguay and ambassador to Chile.


== Career ==
Michell was educated at the former Bath College. After military service during the South African War he entered the Diplomatic Service and was posted to be Vice-Consul at Kertch followed by similar posts at Rotterdam in 1908 and at Nyborg in 1912. The next year he was promoted to be consul in Nicaragua. He was Second Secretary in the British Legation at Santiago, Chile, 1915–1921 and chargé d'affaires in Montevideo 1921–1922. Until 1926 he was Consul-General and chargé d'affaires in Ecuador. He was then appointed Minister to Bolivia 1926–30, Minister to Uruguay 1930–33 and Ambassador to Chile 1933–36. He then retired from the Diplomatic Service and lived in Chile until his death there in 1956.
Michell was knighted KCMG in 1933 at the end of his service in Uruguay.


== Family ==
In 1903 Robert Michell married Ethel Michell (his third cousin). They had a daughter and a son but she died in 1908, shortly after the birth of her son. In 1916 he married Margarita Gana, daughter of Don Domingo Gana who had been Chilean minister to the United Kingdom. They had a son; she died a few months after him in 1956.


== Offices held ==


== Notes ==


== References ==
MICHELL, Sir Robert Carminowe, Who Was Who, A & C Black, 1920–2016 (online edition, Oxford University Press, 2014)
Sir Robert Carminowe MICHELL, Knt. KCMG – Devon Mitchells web-site
Obituary – Sir Robert Michell, The Times, London, 24 January 1956, page 11





Income tax in Singapore involves both individual income tax and corporate income tax. Income earned both inside and outside the country for individuals and corporate entities is taxed


== Individual income tax ==
Individual income tax in Singapore is payable on an annual basis, it is currently based on the progressive tax system (for local residents and tax residents), with taxes ranging from 0% to 22% since Year of Assessment 2017. The Year of Assessment (YA) is based on the calendar year commencing 1 January to 31 December, and is payable on a preceding year basis, whereby taxes payable per year of assessment is based on income earned in the preceding calendar year.
Taxation is based on the source principle, in which only income earned at source, in this case in Singapore, or those derived from overseas but received in Singapore, are taxable. Any income arising from sources outside Singapore and received in Singapore on or after 1 January 2004 by an individual (other than partners of a partnership) is exempt from tax. This system has the potential to allow for tax avoidance practiced by individuals who derive income from abroad, gain tax exemptions via their non-resident status there, and use this income outside Singapore. Expatriates and foreign workers in Singapore are also liable for paying income tax.


== Corporate income tax ==
Corporate income tax like individual income tax is payable on annual basis. However, foreign income earned by a Singapore company may require dual taxation once in the income origin country and in Singapore. In such a case, companies can claim Foreign Tax Credit (FTC) payable on the same income. As company is taxed only on preceding year, there is a need for business owners to truly understand the difference between "year of assessment"  and "basis period".
Foreign-sourced dividends, foreign branch profits and foreign-sourced service income remitted into Singapore on or after 1 June 2003 by a Singapore resident company will be tax exempt if :

* the headline tax rate of the foreign country from which income is received is at least 15 percent in the year the income is received, and
* the foreign income had been subjected to tax in the foreign country from which it was received.


== References ==


== External links ==
Information on Individual Income Tax
Income Tax Act
Singapore Personal Income Tax Rates





Ecocho was a search engine with the aim of offsetting carbon emissions by donating 70% of revenues to 'carbon offset credits'.  The site launched on 14 April 2008.
It is owned by the Found Agency, a search engine optimisation company.The Ecocho search is powered by Yahoo! after a termination of their account with Google.
For every 1,000 searches, Ecocho claims that 1 ton of greenhouse gases are offset through the planting of trees. However, the precise amount is not given, nor are the number of searches performed on the site. Rather, the website maintains a tally of trees planted and of kilograms of CO2 offset.


== Google Violations ==
On 22 April 2008, Ecocho was informed by Google that they would be denied the use of Google's search technologies for multiple past violations of Google's policies. The issue has been discussed on the Ecocho blog. The mixed reactions from users can be seen in the blog comments, some taking further action by complaining to Google, and others agreeing with Google.


== See also ==
Carbon offset
Global warming
Forestle


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website





Miguel Acevedo was a featherweight professional boxer from Cuba.


== Personal life ==
Acevedo was a native of Cuba.


== Professional career ==
Acevedo's professional career began in March 1940 and ended in June 1951.  Acevedo's official record at his retirement was 50 wins (19 by knockout) and 20 losses, although it is not known how many unsanctioned fights may have been excluded from his official record.  Along the way Acevedo fought a number of notable opponents, including Jackie Graves, Sandy Saddler, Corky Gonzales, Glen Flanagan, Charley Riley, Willie Pep, Phil Terranova, Kid Gavilán, Redtop Davis, and others with equally stellar records.  Charley Riley recalled later that he had never been hit harder than he was by Acevedo.


== Notes ==





The Grand Prix Hassan II is an annual men's tennis tournament on the ATP Tour and is currently part of the ATP World Tour 250 series. The event is played on clay courts and was held annually at the Complexe Al Amal in Casablanca, Morocco through 2015, before relocating to Marrakesh in 2016. Between 1984 and 1989 it was part of the Challenger Series.  It is currently the only ATP event held in Africa. It is held in April.


== Results ==


=== Key ===


=== Singles ===


=== Doubles ===


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
ATP tournament profile





The Ministry of Economy and Energy (Bulgarian: Министерство на икономиката и енергетиката, Ministerstvo na ikonomikata i energetikata) of Bulgaria is the ministry charged with regulating the economy and energy policy of the country. The Ministry of Economy was founded in December 1999 through the merger of the Ministry of Industry and the Ministry of Commerce and Tourism. In August 2005 was formed the current Ministry of Economy and Energy through the merger of the former Ministry of Economy and Ministry of Energy and Energy Resources.
In August 2005, the Minister of Economy and Energy was Rumen Ovcharov of the Bulgarian Socialist Party, with Deputy Ministers Lachezar Borisov, Valentin Ivanov, Yordan Dimov, Nina Radeva, Korneliya Ninova, Galina Tosheva and Anna Yaneva.
In March 2012, the Minister of Economy, Energy, and Tourism switched to Delyan Dobrev.


== References ==


== External links ==

Official website (in Bulgarian) (in English)





Mysinglefriend.com is a UK online dating site which claimed, in July 2013, to have over 200,000 users. One of the original founders is Sarah Beeny, a TV presenter on Channel 4.
The site describes itself as having "a no-nonsense approach to dating", as all of the dating profiles on the site are written by friends of single people, instead of the single person themselves. The single person can approve what has been written before it goes live, and their friend can also get involved by recommending other users on MySingleFriend to them.
The site aims to match make singles through their friend's descriptions of them, building an online community and taking away the hassle and stigma of writing your own dating profile.


== My Single Friend Limited ==
Mysinglefriend.com is owned by My Single Friend Limited, a company registered in England in August 2004. Sarah Beeny and her husband Graham Swift own a majority shareholding.


== References ==





The Electrical Water Pageant is a show that takes place every evening (weather permitting) on Walt Disney World's Seven Seas Lagoon and Bay Lake. It features 14 floats with lights that depict images of sea creatures. Though it has changed somewhat since its debut in 1971, it remains one of the few original opening year shows to still be running at Walt Disney World.


== 1971 Version ==
On Monday October 25, 1971; the Electrical Water Pageant premiered on the Seven Seas Lagoon and Bay Lake for "Dedication Day" at Walt Disney World. In addition to the 14 floats, its opening night included fireworks and pyrotechnics launched from the 14 floats and an additional float behind the Electrical Water Pageant. All of this was filmed by Walt Disney Productions and edited down for inclusion into The Wonderful World of Disney's Episode: "The Grand Opening of Walt Disney World", which aired on NBC on Friday October 29, 1971. The Paul Beaver  version of Gershon Kingsley & Jean-Jacques Perrey's "Baroque Hoedown", created specially for the Electrical Water Pageant, was used from 1971 until 1977. The original Main Street Electrical Parade at Disneyland used the same soundtrack from 1972 until 1974. In 1977, the premiers of the updated version of the Disneyland Main Street Electrical Parade and new (but similar) Walt Disney World Main Street Electrical Parade used a new version of "Baroque Hoedown" updated by Don Dorsey.
The original lineup of floats for the Electrical Water Pageant were:

Sea Serpent (three floats)
Whale (one float)
Two Sea Lions Playing With a Ball (one float)
Clamshell Opening and Closing revealing a mermaid (one float)
Three Goldfishes swimming in bubbles (one float)
Three Jumping Dolphins (three floats)
Three Red-Haired Mermaids (one float)
Octopus (one float)
Three Flying Fish (one float)
Four Seahorses (one float)
Neptune (one float)While the 1971 version of "Baroque Hoedown" would play along with the Electrical Water Pageant through 1976, Disney melodies were added to the track and some of the floats were repositioned and others completely changed in 1972; and remained that way through 1976. While the track was essentially the same as what was heard during the Main Street Electrical Parade at Disneyland, an oscillator swoop was heard during the music transitions in the Electrical Water Pageant.
The 1972 to 1976 lineup of floats for the Electrical Water Pageant were:

Sea Serpent (three floats)
Two Sea Lions Playing With a Ball (one float)
Whale (one float)
Turtle (one float)
Shrimp (one float)
Three Jumping Dolphins (three floats)
Three Flying Fish (one float)
Octopus (one float) (updated version of the 1971 Octopus)
Four Seahorses (one float)
Neptune (one float)


== 1977 to 1995 Version ==
With the return of the Disneyland Main Street Electrical Parade in an updated form along with the brand new Walt Disney World Main Street Electrical Parade, a new version of Jean-Jacques Perry & Gershon Kingsley's "Baroque Hoedown" was created in 1977 to be used with both parades respectively featuring an updated rendition of Barque Hoedown recorded by Don Dorsey. To help distinguish the Electrical Water Pageant from the Main Street Electrical Parade, the original Kingsley-Perry version of "Baroque Hoedown" was dropped and a new version using various musical selections was created for both the opening and closing of the Electrical Water Pageant as well as each creature depicted in the pageant. Some of the original 1971 floats were saved or rearranged, while others were completely changed. The main themes for this version of the Electrical Water Pageant were synthesized arrangements from George Frideric Handel's Water Music.
The 1977 to 1995 lineup of floats for the Electrical Water Pageant were:

Overture- "Hornpipe"
Sea Serpent (four floats) "That Certain Serpent"- J. Christensen
Whale (one float) "Whale Of A Tale" N. Gimbel/A Hoffman
Turtle (one float) (An updated version of the 1972 Turtle) "I'm A Turtle" D. Dorsey
Octopus (one float) "Up In Arms" D. Dorsey
Three Jumping Dolphins (three floats) "Waltz Almost" - J. Christensen
Brachiosaurus (one float) "Up In Arms" Reprise - D. Dorsey
Electric Eel (one float) (Later became a Crocodile) Bay-Sea Monster -J. Christensen
Four Seahorses (one float) (An updated version of the 1971 Four Seahorses)
Neptune (one float) (An updated version of the 1971 Neptune) "Hornpipe" (Reprise) mixed w/ all other themes
Stars & Stripes Patriotic Medley
Traveling Music: "The Bouree" - G.F. HandelFrom October 1, 1981 – October 1, 1982, in honor of Walt Disney World's 10th anniversary, the Patriotic Finale music was replaced w/ the Tencennial theme song.


== 1996 to Present Day Version ==
The Electrical Water Pageant that guests see today consists of the same floats in the same formation dating back to 1977. The only difference is in 1996 when a new musical score was created for both the opening and closing of the Electrical Water Pageant as well as each creature depicted in the pageant. During a brief time, during summer 2016, the crocodile float was removed after the incident in which a 2 year old child was killed in an alligator attack in June 2016. As of 8/3/2016, the Crocodile Float is back in the Parade.
The 1996 to present day lineup of floats and music are:
Opening: "Fanfare" from The Little Mermaid

Sea Serpent (four floats) "Boo Bop Bopbop Bop (I Love You Too)" from Pete's Dragon
Whale (one float) "Whale of a Tale" from 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea
Turtle (one float)
Octopus (one float) "Poor Unfortunate Souls" from The Little Mermaid
Three Jumping Dolphins (three floats)
Brachiosaurus (one float) "Walk the Dinosaur" by Was (Not Was)
Crocodile (one float) "Never Smile at a Crocodile" from Peter Pan
Four Seahorses (one float) "Fanfare" & "Under the Sea" from The Little Mermaid
Neptune (one float) "Fanfare" & "Under the Sea" from The Little MermaidAll floats then change to the American Flag & Stars as they have been doing since 1971: (9 Piece) - "You're a Grand Old Flag", "Yankee Doodle", & "America the Beautiful"
Closing: "Fireworks" & "Jig" from The Little Mermaid


== External links ==





John Black (c. 1765 – 4 September 1823) was a Scottish merchant and politician in New Brunswick. He represented Northumberland County in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1793 to 1795.
He was born in Aberdeen and came to Saint John, New Brunswick in 1785 as an Admiralty agent. Black was also an agent for Blair and Glenie, a Scottish firm which traded in timber. In 1787, he went into business in Saint John for himself. His brother William and two cousins later joined him in the business. He also became involved in the trade of salted fish with the West Indies and established his own trading fleet of at least nine vessels. Black encouraged the local production of hemp for the production of cord for use on ships. 

In 1806, he moved to Halifax, Nova Scotia. Black was named president of the North British Society in 1809. In 1813, he was named to the Nova Scotia Council. Black was married twice: first to Mary, the widow of John McGeorge, in 1797 and then to Catherine, the daughter of Christopher Billopp, in 1807. Black constructed what is now known as the Black-Binney House, displaying influences from contemporary Scottish and Aberdonian architecture of the time. After suffering poor health later in life and travelling to Britain in hopes of a cure, Black died in Aberdeen.
His daughter Rosina Jane married James Boyle Uniacke.


== See also ==
List of oldest buildings and structures in Halifax, Nova Scotia


== References ==

Macmillan, David S. (1987). "John Black". Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online. Retrieved 2011-02-02.





The 2001-02 West Coast Hockey League season was the seventh season of the West Coast Hockey League, a North American minor professional league. Eight teams participated in the regular season, and the Fresno Falcons were the league champions.


== Regular season ==


== Taylor Cup-Playoffs ==


== External links ==
Season 2001/02 on hockeydb.com





Curtis Mitchell is an artist based in New York City. Curtis Mitchell received a MA in sculpture from Goddard College in 1981 and an MFA from Yale University in 1983. Mitchell has shown his works extensively in noteworthy galleries and museums in the United States as well as around the world. He is best known for his work in sculpture, video, and constructed photography.Mitchell has lectured widely and written essays for Arts Magazine, and the journals Lusitania,  and Meaning, and for the book Art School Critique 2.0. He is also faculty at Pratt Institute and New York University.


== Work ==
Much of Curtis Mitchell's work has been inspired by icons and products of popular culture. Franklin Sirmans has noted that “Mitchell’s sustained ability to transform everyday objects and activities into visually engaging work – while using low-end materials and methods to do it – solidifies his status as an artistic alchemist with few contemporary peers.” The works are manifestations of the most conspicuous cycles of all forms of existence: the principle that sees them fall apart, reconstitute themselves, and then fall apart again.


== Exhibitions ==
Curtis Mitchell has shown in solo and group exhibitions internationally, including MoMA PS1, the New Museum, the Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum, the Mattress Factory, the Contemporary Museum Baltimore, the Atlanta Contemporary Art Center, the McDonough Museum of Art, the Landesmuseum Joanneum in Austria, and the Hall of Art, Budapest (Műcsarnok Kunsthalle in Hungarian).
He has also exhibited in numerous notable galleries, including but not limited to Andrea Rosen Gallery,Bomb (magazine), and White Columns.


== Collections ==
Mitchell’s work is represented in major museums and public collections, including the Museum of Modern Art, the Walker Art Center, the Mattress Factory, the Sculpture Center in Cleveland, Ohio, the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, the Lannan Foundation, and the New York Public Library.


== Awards and Grants ==
He is the recipient of awards including the Foundation for Contemporary Arts, Adolph and Esther Gottlieb Foundation grant, and the Pollock-Krasner Foundation.


== References ==


== External links ==
Artist's website





A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 2005:.


== 2005 ==


== External links ==
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 2005 at HKcinemamagic.com
Hong Kong Filmography (1913-2006) at Hong Kong Film Archive





The Ferguson monoplane was the first  Irish heavier-than-air craft to fly. The monoplane was designed by Harry Ferguson and built by his brother's company J.B. Ferguson & Company in Belfast.


== Development ==
Harry Ferguson started as an Irish mechanic and while working with his brother Joe became interested in aircraft. Ferguson first flew his monoplane on 31 December 1909, the first flight of an Irish heavier-than-air craft. The monoplane was flown during 1910, including one flight of 2.5 miles (4 km), but was badly damaged in a heavy landing in December 1910.


== Specifications ==
Data from General characteristics
Crew: 2
Length: 30 ft 0 in (9.14 m)
Wingspan: 34 ft 0 in (10.36 m)
Wing area: 192 sq ft (17.8 m2)
Empty weight: 620 lb (281 kg)
Max takeoff weight: 760 lb (345 kg)
Powerplant: 1 × J.A.P. piston engine, 35 hp (26 kW)


== References ==


=== Notes ===


=== Bibliography ===





Another Monty Python Record is the second album produced by the Monty Python comedy group, released in 1971. Dissatisfied with their monaural BBC debut album the previous year, the group took full control of the follow-up, which would be the first release of a six-album deal with Charisma Records in the UK. Most of the material is from the second series of Monty Python's Flying Circus, with only a few newly written pieces. One track, "Stake Your Claim", is an English language version of a sketch from the team's first German episode.
The production, with its innovative use of stereo and sound effects, was handled by Terry Jones and Michael Palin and proved a technical challenge. According to Jones: "We had this horrendous time because we were recording in this rather hippy recording studio which fortunately I can't remember the name of. ... We were very keen to use the stereo and everything, but what we hadn't realised was that the guy who was doing the recording, who I think was out of his head most of the time, had not been making any notes. We'd end up with tapes and tapes of material with no idea of where anything was on the tapes ... That was a bitter experience."The sleeve was designed by Terry Gilliam, from an idea by Terry Jones. Packaged as "Beethoven Symphony No. 2 In D Major", the cover was defaced by the Pythons to serve as their own record jacket. (The "serious" liner notes on the back also bear a Pythonesque stamp: the biography of Beethoven quickly turns into a commentary on Beethoven's Wimbledon debut.) Included with the original LP were three card inserts printed with detailed instructions, scripts and cut-out props for the "Be A Great Actor" sketch on side 2.
Due to the limitations of the vinyl format, the original 1971 UK release had many sketches edited down while others, such as "Communist Quiz" and "Penguin On The TV", were omitted altogether causing a re-sequencing of the "Royal Festival Hall Concert" and "Spam" sketches. This truncated version was used for all UK cassette releases until 1994. When the album was released in the US in 1972 to coincide with the US release of And Now For Something Completely Different, the full unedited version was used. This longer edit was used for all CD releases in both the UK and US.
As well as featuring a pared down track list, the original UK vinyl enjoyed two subtly different releases. Initial pressings were issued on the pink "famous Charisma label" (erroneously listing the release year as 1970) with subsequent pressings replacing this with the "Mad Hatter" label design (correcting the year to 1971). Both editions featured a trick runout groove at the end of Side 1 where the sound of a record scratch is followed by Michael Palin's exclamation of "I scratched the record" repeated ad infinitum, at least until the listener chooses to lift the stylus off the vinyl.
The album marked the group's first chart success, reaching No.26 in the UK album chart.A 7" single, the Python's first, combining Spam Song/The Concert (CB.192) was issued in the UK on 8 September 1972, almost a year after the album's release. Later pressings were issued in a picture sleeve featuring a still from the "Dirty Fork" sketch from And Now For Something Completely Different.
The 2006 CD reissue features four bonus tracks, although these date from the 1980 Contractual Obligation Album sessions.


== Track listing: Original UK vinyl & cassette version ==


=== Side One ===
Introductions
Spanish Inquisition (Part 1)
Gumby Cherry Orchard
Contradiction
Architect's Sketch
Spanish Inquisition (Part 2)
Royal Festival Hall Concert
Ethel The Frog


=== Side Two ===
Death of Mary, Queen of Scots
Spam
Spanish Inquisition (Part 3)
Comfy Chair
Famous Person Quiz
Be a Great Actor
Neville Shunt
Camp Judges
Stake Your Claim
Cannibalism
Camp Judges (Part 2)
Undertaker
Spanish Inquisition (Part 4)


== Track listing: US Version, Worldwide CD Version ==


=== Side One ===
Introductions
Spanish Inquisition (Part 1)
Communist Quiz
Gumby Cherry Orchard
Contradiction
Architect's Sketch
Spanish Inquisition (Part 2)
Ethel The Frog


=== Side Two ===
Death of Mary, Queen of Scots
Penguin on the TV
Spanish Inquisition (Part 3)
Comfy Chair
Famous Person Quiz
Be a Great Actor
Neville Shunt
Royal Festival Hall Concert
Spam
Camp Judges
Stake Your Claim
Cannibalism
Camp Judges (Part 2)
Undertaker
Spanish Inquisition (Part 4)


=== 2006 CD Bonus tracks ===
Treadmill Lager
Bishop at Home
Courtroom Sketch
Freelance Undertaker


== Personnel ==
Graham Chapman
John Cleese
Terry Gilliam
Eric Idle
Terry Jones
Michael Palin


=== Additional performers ===
Carol Cleveland
The Fred Tomlinson Singers


== Music credits ==
The following is the list of musical works included on the album. They comprise a mixture of De Wolfe library music, self-penned Python songs and specially composed music by Fred Tomlinson.

Trondheim Hammer Dance (Fred Tomlinson)
Liberty Bell (John Philip Sousa, arr. A.W. Sheriff)
Fanfare Opening (D. Laren)
Formal Presentation (K. Papworth)
Contesana Padawana (Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky)
Man of Power (J. Trombey)
Gold Lame (K. Papworth)
Southern Breeze (A. Mawer)
Spam Song (Terry Jones, Michael Palin & Fred Tomlinson)
Bahama Parakeet (A. Mawer)
House of Fashion (Stanley Black)
Circus Tumble (K. Papworth)
Fanfare A (Major J Howe)
Mystery Drums (P. Knight)
Mystery Place (P. Knight)
Ode to Edward (J. Trombey)
In Step With Johann (R. Wale)
Knees Up Mother Brown (Harris Weston & Bert Lee)


== Distribution Information ==
LP: (1971) Charisma CAS 1049 (UK)
Cassette: (1971) Charisma ZCCAS 1049 (UK)
LP: (1972) Charisma CAS 1049 (US, distributed by Buddah) (with different running-order and material)
LP: (1972) Philips 6369 913 (Aust) (with different running-order and material)
LP: (1975) Charisma CAS 1049 (UK, distributed by Phonogram)
Cassette: (1975) Charisma CASMC 1049 (UK, distributed by Phonogram)
LP: (1988) Charisma CHC 79 (UK, distributed by Virgin) (budget price)
CD: (1989) Charisma CASCD 1049 ("Another Monty Python CD") (UK, distributed by Virgin)
LP: (19**) Virgin MP501 (UK)
CD: (1994) Virgin VCCD 001 (UK) ("Another Monty Python CD" version 2, re-issue)


== References ==





Elia George Kaiyamo (born 10 January 1951) is a Namibian politician. A member of SWAPO, Kaiyamo was an internal organizer and teacher for SWAPO prior to independence. He served in the Cabinet of Namibia as Deputy Minister of Home Affairs and Immigration from 2010 to 2015. On 2 September 2016, President Hage Geingob appointed Kaiyamo as Ambassador-designate to the People's Republic of China.


== Early life and education ==
Born at Ondobe in Ohangwena Region, Kaiyamo earned a B.A. from the University of Cape Town in 1989. He earned another B.A. from the University of Namibia in 1992. In 1994, Kaiyamo earned a M.A. in international relations from Pacific Western University in Los Angeles, California in the United States.


== Career ==
Kaiyamo worked at various schools in Katutura, the blacks-only township of Windhoek from 1976 to 1987. He was also an organizer for SWAPO during this time period. In 1988-1989, Kaiyamo studied in Cape Town towards a bachelor's degree. Kaiyamo returned as Namibia became independent and became assistant principal at A Shipena High School in Windhoek. Lasting in that position until 1991, he left education to work for the Foreign Ministry of Namibia. Kaiyamo worked in Europe at various Namibian embassies, including in Russia, Germany and Austria from 1991 to 1997. From 1997 to 1999, Kaiyamo served as desk officer at the Foreign Ministry. He was selected to represent SWAPO in the National Assembly in 2000 and subsequently re-elected in 2005 and 2009. Kaiyamo was appointed Deputy Minister of Home Affairs and Immigration in President Hifikepunye Pohamba's new cabinet on 21 March 2010.


== References ==





Neighborhoods of Kaunas and its metropolitan area:

Akademija
Aleksotas
Centras
Dainava
Domeikava
Eiguliai
Garliava
Giraitė
Gričiupis
Karmėlava
Senamiestis
Panemunė
Petrašiūnai
Ramučiai
Raudondvaris
Šančiai
Šilainiai
Vilijampolė
Žaliakalnis


== References ==
Wikimapia





The American Association of State Climatologists (AASC) is a professional scientific organisation for climatologists in the United States. The organisation was founded in 1976.
The core membership in the AASC consists of the 47 State Climatologists and the official climatologist of Puerto Rico. There is one State Climatologist for each state in the United States. The individual is appointed by the state and is recognised by the National Climatic Data Center of the NOAA, with whom the AASC collaborates. The other full members of the AASC are the directors of the six Regional Climate Centers.  There are also associate members of the AASC, bringing the total membership to approximately 150. Members and associate members of the AASC perform various climatological services and research.
The AASC also publishes the Journal of Service Climatology.
At least three of the organization's full members (John Christy, Alabama, Philip Mote, Washington and David Robinson, New Jersey) served as contributing authors  for the Fourth Assessment Report: Annex of the International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). In 2007 two members came under scrutiny for their "skeptical" views toward anthropogenic climate change.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official site





The Carrie Diaries is an American teen comedy-drama television series that aired for two seasons on The CW from January 14, 2013, to January 31, 2014. It is a prequel to the HBO television series Sex and the City and based on the 2010 book of the same name by Candace Bushnell. The first season focuses on Carrie Bradshaw (AnnaSophia Robb) during her junior year of high school in 1984 as she explores life in New York City while interning at a law firm office, and also secretly working at a magazine company, while the second season focuses more on her expanding life in the city as well as the lives of her friends and boyfriend.
The pilot was picked up by The CW to a series order of 13 episodes in May 2012. Four months into the first season, the network renewed The Carrie Diaries for a second season, which premiered in October 2013. In May 2014, The CW canceled the series after two seasons.


== Cast and characters ==


=== Main cast ===
AnnaSophia Robb as Carrie Bradshaw; The protagonist and voice-over narrator of the series. She is a 16-year-old high school student living in the fictional town of Castlebury, Connecticut, who dreams of being a famous writer. Carrie's mother recently died from cancer and as a result, Carrie's younger sister, Dorrit, is more rebellious than ever, and their father, Tom, is overwhelmed with the responsibility of suddenly having to care for two teenage girls on his own. Instead of attending school on one day during the week, Carrie takes an internship at a law firm in New York City which she relishes as a stepping stone in her quest to leave her small town behind her. She left this position to work for Larissa Loughlin at Interview magazine. Towards the end of high school, Larissa offers Carrie a full-time job at the magazine, which she accepts over going to NYU. Unfortunately, when Larissa is fired, so is Carrie. She decides to stay in New York, rather than going to Malibu with Sebastian. In the Season 2 finale, she moves into Larissa's apartment with Samantha.
Austin Butler as Sebastian Kydd; The new kid at Castlebury High School and Carrie's love interest. Sebastian moves to Castlebury after getting kicked out of his old high school for having sex with his art history teacher. He lives with his divorced mother who is never around. He and Carrie date during the second half of the first season, before breaking up (after a fight resulting in Sebastian kissing Maggie, Carrie's best friend). They are constantly going back and forth from a couple to singles and back, which is much more known as an on and off relationship, but it is clear that they both have feelings for each other. At the end of Season 2, Sebastian moves to Malibu to run his company, and it seems that he and Carrie may have broken up.
Ellen Wong as Jill "Mouse" Chen; Jill is Carrie's nerdy and sweet best friend from high school and the ex-girlfriend of a college guy she still loves, and lost her virginity to. They broke up because both of their grades were getting low, because they were only focusing on each other. In school, she is an academic overachiever who is said to be under pressure and driven to be the best at everything by her stern parents. Mouse accepts an offer to go to Harvard towards the end of Season 2.
Katie Findlay as Maggie Landers; Carrie's best friend, and Walt's sexually active ex-girlfriend. She is a sarcastic and self-assured underachieving student who barely passes her classes and is said to have an unhappy home life where her parents neglect and ignore her, who are not able to pay for her college life. She cares about Carrie, and will sacrifice her own happiness for Carrie's. Maggie is proposed to by Pete in the last episode of Season 2, and she accepts.
Stefania LaVie Owen as Dorrit Bradshaw; Carrie's troubled, 14-year-old, rebellious younger sister. She openly resents Carrie for being close with their mother, and for not having more time with her. She is rebelling by dyeing her hair and wearing too much eye make-up as well as seeing a guy older that Carrie called Miller.
Brendan Dooling as Walter "Walt" Reynolds; Carrie's other best friend. He is Maggie's ex-boyfriend. He doesn't know that she is cheating on him with a cop. In the ending of the first episode, it's implied that Walt is secretly gay. In later episodes it is clear he is confused about his sexuality, he even sparks an interest in a man named Bennet Wilcox (an employee at Interview Magazine). At the end of the first season he and Maggie break up, and she (as well as the rest of the group) finds out about his homosexuality. In season 2 he begins dating Bennett and his mom sees a picture of them in a local newspaper and kicks him out. He lives at Carrie's for 3 episodes before being scared off by the potential to get AIDS, breaking up with Bennett and moving back in with his parents, denying his sexuality again. By the end of Season 2, his parents finally accept Walt's homosexuality.
Chloe Bridges as Donna LaDonna; The school's most popular girl, and the leader of a cliques called "The Jens", which is made up of all of the school's shallow and narcissistic "mean girls". She was Carrie's chief rival in the first season and also had a crush on Walt. When she found out that Walt was gay, she protected his secret by telling the whole school that they had sex, and pretending that they were dating for real. She is currently frenemies with Carrie.
Freema Agyeman as Larissa Loughlin; A hip, British, cutting-edge style editor at Interview magazine and party girl, who acts as Carrie's mentor in New York City, while she is working at the law firm. It is later revealed that Larissa is an African princess who ran away from her family and found financial support from a British lord before moving to America. Carrie introduces Larissa to Harlan, her father Tom's friend, and Larissa and Harlan get married in the Season 2 finale.
Matt Letscher as Tom Bradshaw; Carrie's overprotective father. He loosens up a bit as the series progresses. When Carrie chooses a job at Interview over going to NYU, Tom disapproves and cuts her off financially. In the Season 2 finale, Tom and Carrie mend their relationship when she tells him that she will stay in New York and support herself.
Lindsey Gort as Samantha Jones; Donna's brash and outgoing older cousin whom Carrie befriends. She is part of Manhattan's music scene, where she used to work at a bar as a bouncer. Samantha and Carrie move in together at the end of Season 2.


=== Recurring cast ===
Josh Salatin as Simon Byrnes, a former local policeman and Maggie's former casual sexual partner. Maggie ended up pregnant with Simon's child but lost it when she experienced complications. He is fired by Maggie's father when he finds out.
Jake Robinson as Bennet Wilcox, Larissa's co-worker and Walt's former boyfriend. Walt broke up with him when he realised that he wants all the things that gay people can't have, after a health scare with AIDS. Towards the end of second season Walt decides that he cannot live a lie and reconciles with Bennet, realising that he missed him.
Scott Cohen as Harlan Silver, Tom's friend who encourages him to begin dating, who is also Larissa's fiance.
Nadia Dajani as Deb, Tom's ex-girlfriend.
R.J. Brown as Thomas West, Mouse's academic rival and former boyfriend. The two broke up after West explained that he was tired of competing with Mouse after she got accepted in Harvard.
Whitney Vance and Alexandra Miller as the Jens, Donna LaDonna's two minions. They follow her around in explosions of neon doing whatever their leader tells them to.
Evan Crooks as Miller, Dorrit's former boyfriend who works at the Record store.
Chris Wood as Adam Weaver (4 episodes), a guy who Carrie meets while trying to get an interview for the magazine, took her virginity, and is currently her ex.
Giullian Yao Gioiello as Scott, Dorrit's friend who later becomes her boyfriend. They meet at the Bradshaw house party. He eventually becomes her boyfriend near the end of Season 2 upon being tricked to go to prom with him.


== Production ==


=== Development ===
In September 2011, it was officially announced that The CW was moving forward with a television series as a prequel to the original series, based on The Carrie Diaries. The project is produced by Gossip Girl producers Josh Schwartz and Stephanie Savage. Former Sex and the City writer Amy B. Harris penned the adaptation.On January 18, 2012, The CW ordered a pilot of The Carrie Diaries. The project will continue to be helmed by executive producers Josh Schwartz, Stephanie Savage, Len Goldstein and Candace Bushnell. On May 11, 2012, the pilot was picked up to series. On May 9, 2013, The CW renewed The Carrie Diaries for a second season. It received an order for 13 episodes.


=== Casting ===
On February 15, 2012, the series' first role was cast. Stefania Owen has landed the part of Carrie Bradshaw's 14-year-old sister Dorrit. She's described as rebelling in the most obvious of ways: dyeing her hair, getting arrested, acting out. Dorrit is desperate for attention and willing to get it any way she can. On February 27, 2012, it was announced that AnnaSophia Robb had won the role of the young Carrie Bradshaw. On February 28, Katie Findlay and Ellen Wong joined her. Wong will play Carrie's best friend in high school, Jill Chen. Also known as 'The Mouse', Jill is said to be intelligent and loyal. Findlay will star in the project as Carrie's oldest friend Maggie Landers, the police chief's daughter. Whereas Carrie is beginning to explore Manhattan, Maggie has no desire to leave her town. On March 2, 2012, Deadline reported that Austin Butler has been cast as the male lead. Butler will play Sebastian Kydd, a brooding heartthrob and ultimate insider who always plays the outsider. His presence at Carrie's school will shake things up in a big way. On March 4, 2012, Deadline announced that Freema Agyeman has been cast in the pilot as Larissa, a hip, cutting-edge editor and party girl who works at Interview magazine and is Carrie's mentor. On the same day, Brendan Dooling, who originally auditioned for the role of Sebastian, joined the cast as Walt, Carrie's gay friend. On March 9, 2012, Deadline reported that Matt Letscher had been cast as Carrie's father. On March 14, 2012, it was announced that Chloe Bridges had been cast as Carrie's nemesis Donna LaDonna.On July 20, 2013, E! News reported that actress Lindsey Gort was cast as Samantha Jones for the second season. English model Poppy Delevingne also auditioned for the role.After the show's cancellation, showrunner Amy B. Harris revealed that had the show been renewed for a third season, Miranda Hobbes would have been introduced as Mouse's roommate at Harvard.


== Episodes ==


== Reception ==


=== Critical response ===

The Carrie Diaries has received mixed reviews. Metacritic gave the first season a score of 57% based on 23 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews," based on 23 critics. Rotten Tomatoes gave season 1 a score of 63% based on reviews from 30 critics.Gail Pennington of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch said "The CW's attempt to capture the magic of Sex and the City in a prequel, set in 1984, could have gone very wrong. But The Carrie Diaries is surprisingly right." Marisa LaScala of PopMatters says "The rest of the show goes on to prize sweetness over superficiality." Alan Sepinwall of Hitfix describes "The new series succeeds on its own nostalgic terms."The second season opened with generally more favorable reviews. Rotten Tomatoes gave it score 100%, based on 5 reviews, and praised the introduction of Lindsey Gort as the iconic Sex and the City character, Samantha Jones.


=== Awards and accolades ===


== Broadcasts ==
In the United States, on its first season, The Carrie Diaries aired on The CW on Mondays at 8:00 pm as a lead-in for 90210 and then streamed on The CW's website. The show moved to Fridays for its second season and it premiered on October 25, having been paired with America's Next Top Model. In Canada, the series airs on Citytv, and premiered January 14, 2013. In Latin America, the series premiered on Boomerang on May 20, 2013.In Asia-Pacific, The Carrie Diaries started airing in Australia on January 15, 2013, on FOX8. In Malaysia, the series premiered on March 5, 2013 on 8TV, in New Zealand, the show aired on TV2 and in the Philippines, the series premiered on ETC on January 21, 2013. In Bulgaria the series aired for the first time from July 1 to August 5, 2015 on bTV Lady.


== References ==


== External links ==
The Carrie Diaries on IMDb 
The Carrie Diaries at TV.com





Jasna Popovic (born May 10, 1979) is an award-winning Serbian pianist.


== Personal life ==
Popovic was born in Belgrade, Serbia, where she received her first piano lesson at six years of age. Upon graduating from the music high school in 1997, Popovic moved to Munich, Germany where she attended the Hochschule für Musik und Theater and studied under the guidance of Professors Gitti Pirner and Claude-France Journes. After performing in New York City, Popovic decided to remain living there. She is currently working on her solo album, which will primarily feature classical Serbian music.


== Notable achievements ==
Popovic has won several awards, including Second Place at the National Piano Competition in Belgrade, Fourth Place at the International Competition in Rome, and is participating at various festivals around Europe, including those in Italy, Germany, and Austria.  In 2005, she was honored to be invited to play at the International Keyboard Festival in New York City.  Popovic subsequently continued to live in New York.  In 2006, Popovic received the Passantino Award for Special Achievements from City University of New York and the following year she performed at Steinway Hall and Lefrack Hall, Carnegie Hall in New York, and Kolarac Hall in Belgrade. Popovic has worked with several artists such as composer Rodin Scedrin, pianist Vadim Suhanov, and double-bassist Roman Patkolo among others.


=== Organizations ===
Popovic is a co-founder of a new organization for the benefit of not only Serbian artists, but all artists interested in international exchange of culture. Jasna Popovic has made recordings of ethno-classical Serbian music honoring Queen Elizabeth.


== References ==





The Upland Rider is a 1928 American Western film directed by Albert S. Rogell and written by Ford Beebe. The film stars Ken Maynard, Ena Gregory, Lafe McKee, Sydney Jarvis, Robert D. Walker and Bobby Dunn. The film was released on June 3, 1928, by First National Pictures.


== Plot ==


== Cast ==
Ken Maynard as Dan Dailey
Ena Gregory as Sally Graham
Lafe McKee as John Graham
Sydney Jarvis as Ross Cheswick
Robert D. Walker as Bernt
Bobby Dunn as Shorty
David Kirby as Red
Robert Milasch as Slim
Tarzan as Tarzan


== References ==


== External links ==
The Upland Rider on IMDb





The Scottish Rite Temple is located at 803 North 7th Street Trafficway in Kansas City, Kansas.  It was designed by architect W. W. Rose.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.It was placed on the Kansas City, Kansas Historic Landmark on December 1, 1983. It was placed on the Register of Historic Kansas Places on May 4, 1985. This building has been rehabilitated and is now a casino, known as the 7th Street Casino.It is a three-story brick and stone building.It was the largest meeting place in Kansas City until the 1924 construction of the Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Building (also designed by W.W. Rose, also NRHP-listed).


== See also ==
Kansas City Scottish Rite Temple, built 1928-30


== References ==





Who Killed Santa Claus? (L'Assassinat du père Noël) is a 1941 French drama film by Christian-Jaque. This adaptation of Pierre Véry's novel of the same name was the first film produced by Continental Films.


== Cast ==
Harry Baur as Gaspard Cornusse
Raymond Rouleau as Roland de La Faille
Renée Faure as Catherine Cornusse
Robert Le Vigan as Léon Villard, the schoolmaster
Fernand Ledoux as Noirgoutte, the mayor
Jean Brochard as Ricomet, the pharmacist
Héléna Manson as Marie Coquillot
Arthur Devère as Tairraz, the watchmaker
Marcel Pérès as Rambert
Georges Chamarat as Constable Gercourt
Bernard Blier as police sergeant
Jean Sinoël as Noblet
Marie-Hélène Dasté as Mother Michel
Jean Parédès as Kappel, the beadle


== References ==


== External links ==
Who Killed Santa Claus? on IMDb





"Matrimony: Maybe You" is a song by American soul singer Maxwell. Released in 1998 as the follow up single to "Luxury Cococure", the song was a modest radio airplay hit, and peaked at no. 79 on Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.


== Charts ==


== References ==





Bristol, Gloucestershire, Somerset and Wiltshire Community Rehabilitation Company (also known as BGSW CRC) was formed on 1 June 2014 during Government reforms to probation services. During the reform, Avon and Somerset Probation Trust, Gloucestershire Probation Trust and Wiltshire Probation Trust were merged to form BGSW CRC which is owned and run by the private company Working Links.It is one of 21 Community Rehabilitation Companies across England and Wales. BGSW CRC's role is to manage low to medium risk offenders under probation supervision alongside the National Probation Service, which manages offenders who have been assessed as presenting high risk of harm to others.The BGSW CRC works with offenders by managing their community sentences and aid with their rehabilitation. This includes specialist recovery and rehabilitation programmes, community payback unpaid work, education, training and employment, mentoring and working with families of offenders.At the start of 2016 Working links announced that budget cuts could result in the loss of up to 40% of its probation workers in the region.


== References ==


== External links ==
BGSW CRC webpage
National Probation Service webpage





Vesletind Peak (72°10′S 3°2′W) is a small peak 3 nautical miles (6 km) east-southeast of Aurho Peak on the Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land. It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and named Vesletind, meaning "little peak."
 This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Vesletind Peak" (content from the Geographic Names Information System).





Chauveaubreen is a glacier in Albert I Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. The glacier is located between Renaudfjellet and Marstranderfjellet, and debouches into Ayerfjorden, the western branch of Raudfjorden. It is named after French physician Henri Jean Charles Albert Chaveau.


== References ==





Miladin (Serbian Cyrillic: Миладин, pronounced [milǎdin]) is a masculine given name. It may refer to:

Miladin Bečanović (born 1973), footballer
Miladin Kozlina (born 1983), handball player
Miladin Peković (born 1983), basketball player
Miladin Pešterac (1960–2007), footballer
Miladin Popović (1910–1945), politician
Miladin "Dado" Pršo (born 1974), retired footballer
Miladin Stevanović (born 1996), footballer
Miladin Šobić (born 1956), singer
Miladin Zarić (1889–1976), teacher and soldier


== See also ==
Miladinović
Miladinovtsi
Miladinovci





Norwegian Automobile Federation (Norwegian: Norges Automobil-Forbund, NAF) is a Norwegian association of car owners, established in 1924, and member of Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile. The federation has 73 local chapters and more than 500,000 members. NAF is running a number of test stations, skidpans and camping sites. Among its publications is the monthly magazine Motor and the triannual NAF Veibok.


== References ==





Hurricane Florence was the first North Atlantic hurricane to produce hurricane-force winds on the island of Bermuda since Hurricane Fabian in September 2003. The seventh tropical storm and second hurricane of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season, Florence developed from a tropical wave in the eastern Atlantic Ocean on September 3. Due to unfavorable conditions, the system failed to organize initially, and as a result, the storm grew to an unusually large size. After several days, Florence encountered an area of lesser wind shear and intensified into a hurricane on September 10. It passed just west of Bermuda while recurving northeastward, and on September 13 it transitioned into an extratropical cyclone.
Florence produced wind gusts of up to 115 mph (185 km/h) on Bermuda, which caused several power outages and minor damage. Florence then brought heavy rains across Newfoundland as an extratropical storm, destroying one house and causing minor damage to several others. There were no fatalities as a result of the hurricane.


== Meteorological history ==

A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa on August 29. It tracked slowly westward, and first showed signs of development two days later. On August 31, a second tropical wave exited the coast of Africa at a faster speed than its predecessor. The two waves interacted, and by September 2 combined to form a large area of disturbed weather across the eastern Atlantic Ocean. Convection increased within the system, and it developed a concentrated area of convection in conjunction with a well-defined low pressure area. By late on September 3, the system maintained a broad closed circulation and enough convective organization to be classified Tropical Depression Six while located about midway between the Lesser Antilles and Africa.Upon becoming a tropical cyclone, the depression maintained multiple cloud swirls within a common center. Banding features increased, though southwesterly wind shear and the lack of a well-defined circulation prevented initial strengthening. Dry air encountered the depression, and as such it developed very slowly; forecasters maintained considerable difficulty in determining a center of circulation. It continued its motion to the west-northwest while tracking around the southern periphery of a deep-layer subtropical ridge to its north. Though convection remained focused near the outer periphery of the system, the overall organized continued to steadily increase, and it is estimated the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Florence on September 5 while located about 1,120 miles (1,800 km) east-northeast of Anguilla.

After attaining tropical storm status, the maximum sustained winds fluctuated for three days between 40 mph (65 km/h) and 50 mph (85 km/h). This was due to the large size of Florence; the overall wind field reached a diameter of 460 miles (745 km), and the radius of maximum winds reached about 110 miles (170 km). By September 6, a well-defined cloud swirl became evident, with thin rainbands developing in the southeast and northwest quadrants. As a result, hurricane forecasters anticipated Florence would develop significantly and attain major hurricane status. Though convection gradually migrated closer to the center of the storm, forecasters could not detect a well-defined center of circulation by late on September 6. On September 7, convection developed over and to the west of the center for the first time in its duration. However, Florence failed to intensify further, as its wind field had increased to more than 1,035 miles (1,670 km) in diameter. This led to difficulties in forecasting, as its environment favored further strengthening; the storm tracked through an area of 84° F (29° C) water temperatures and light shear, and the system maintained a large low-level cyclonic envelop with abundant convection. By early on September 8, the storm consisted of an elongated, shapeless cloud pattern atypical of a tropical cyclone. Later that day, as an anticyclone developed over Florence, the storm began to consolidate around a vorticity center on the western side of the large cyclonic envelope. It began to strengthen more steadily as it turned to the northwest. Early on September 10, an eye began developing within a round central dense overcast over the center, and shortly thereafter Florence attained hurricane status while located about 390 miles (630 km) south of Bermuda.Hurricane Florence turned to the north and north-northeast through a break in the subtropical ridge. Though its eyewall was open on the north side, favorable conditions led forecasters to predict Florence passing near Bermuda as a strong Category 2 hurricane. The inner core of convection became ragged-looking on satellite imagery, and based on reports from Hurricane Hunters it is estimated the hurricane attained peak winds of 90 mph (150 km/h) late on September 10. Subsequent to further erosion of the eyewall, the hurricane weakened, and on September 11 passed about 60 miles (95 km) west of Bermuda with winds of 85 mph (135 km/h). The overall cloud pattern became slightly better organized, and Florence briefly re-strengthened before encountering increased upper-level winds and cooler waters. Dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12. The cloud shield became asymmetrically displaced to the north of the center, and frontal-like features began to form. It continued to lose tropical characteristics, and on September 13 Florence transitioned into an extratropical cyclone about 485 miles (780 km) south-southwest of Cape Race, Newfoundland. Initially maintaining hurricane-force winds, the extratropical remnant passed near Cape Race before turning to the east-northeast, and on September 14 the winds weakened to gale force. The storm executed a broad cyclonic half-loop to the southwest of Iceland over the subsequent days, and after turning to the west the extratropical remnants of Florence were absorbed to the east of Greenland by a developing extratropical cyclone to its south.


== Preparations ==

The government of Bermuda issued a hurricane watch for the island on September 8, which was followed by a tropical storm warning on September 9. These were replaced by a hurricane warning on September 10, coinciding with the storm's strengthening to hurricane intensity. The government urged the potentially impacted citizens to take preparations for the storm, many of whom bought supplies at local hardware stores. Residents installed storm shutters, while boat owners moved their yachts to safer locations. An emergency shelter was prepared on the island. Prior to the arrival of the storm, officials canceled bus and ferry service, and also closed all schools and government offices on the day of impact. The Bermuda International Airport was also closed.


== Impact ==

Hurricane Florence produced strong swells and dangerous surf conditions along the northern Lesser Antilles, Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Hispaniola, and Bermuda. Later in its duration, the tight pressure gradient between Florence and a high-pressure system over southeastern Canada produced strong winds and rough waves along the East Coast of the United States. The hurricane also caused strong swells and rough ocean conditions, including rip currents, in the Bahamas and Atlantic Canada. In South Carolina, high waves produced severe beach erosion on several beaches.Passing a short distance west of Bermuda, Hurricane Florence produced strong winds on the island; sustained winds peaked at 82 mph (132 km/h) on St. David's Island at an elevation of 157 feet (48 m), while gusts reached 115 mph (185 km/h) at the Maritime Operations Centre in St. George's Parish at an elevation of 256 feet (78 m). The winds knocked down trees and power lines, leaving over 25,000 homes and businesses without electricity during the peak of the storm. The powerful winds damaged ten houses, including destroying the roofs of three, and blew out windows across the island. A few people were injured by flying glass, though none required hospital care.  Rainfall on the island reached 1.32 inches (34 mm) at the Bermuda International Airport.
A possible tornado in Southampton Parish downed trees and caused light property damage. At the Bermuda Zoo and Aquarium, two flamingos died due to falling branches. During the peak of the storm, police officials advised citizens to remain indoors away from harm, though there were several reports of looting throughout the territory. On the island, the storm's damage totaled over $200,000 (2006 USD).  Shortly after the storm passed through, BELCO began restoring power, and by six hours after the peak of the storm power had been restored to 7,000 homes and businesses. By the day after the storm, about 3,000 remained without electricity on the island. The storm damaged the causeway between St. David's Island and Hamilton Parish, temporarily limiting traffic to one lane in each direction.As an extratropical storm over Newfoundland, Florence produced powerful winds peaking at 101 mph (163 km/h) and moderate amounts of rainfall of up to 2.6 inches (67 mm). Flooding and power outages were reported, although they were isolated. The hurricane caused flight interruptions at St. John's International Airport and also to the Trans Canada ferry between Newfoundland and Cape Breton Island in eastern Nova Scotia. Strong winds destroyed a house in the small Newfoundland village of Francois. Residents in Francois agreed to rebuild the wrecked home while the family temporarily resided in a summer home of another family. The winds also caused damage to shingles and sides of homes, while the strong waves damaged roads and boats along the Burin Peninsula.


== See also ==

List of Atlantic hurricanes
List of Bermuda hurricanes
Timeline of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season
List of storms in the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season


== References ==


== External links ==

NHC's archive on Hurricane Florence
HPC's rainfall page for Florence
CHC's archive on Hurricane Florence





Paul Martyn "The Big Cheese" Cheesley (born 20 October 1953 in Bristol) is a former professional footballer.


== Career ==
Cheesley, a striker, began his career with Norwich City, for whom he made his debut as a substitute on 17 November 1971 against Chelsea in a League Cup tie at Carrow Road. His league debut did not come until 2 December 1972, a game which his side lost 2-0 at home to Manchester United.
Cheesley went on to make 24 appearances for Norwich, scoring just one goal on 15 December 1973 in a 1-1 draw against Liverpool at Carrow Road.


=== Bristol City ===
In December 1973, as Norwich fought to avoid relegation, Cheesley was offloaded and snapped up by Alan Dicks at Bristol City for a fee of £30,000. Initially, Cheesley didn't find life easy at his new club [1], but during City's promotion season of 1975/6 he formed a formidable strike partnership with Tom Ritchie which saw them score 33 goals; Cheesley getting 15 of them. The opening fixture of the season back in the First Division was away to Arsenal at Highbury. City won the game by a goal to nil and Cheesley scored the winning goal - a header from a Clive Whitehead cross from the right.
Cheesley had already been selected to play for England Under 23's to play Hungary, but as the game coincided with a crucial promotion clash against rivals Sunderland, he had turned down the opportunity. Despite that, England boss Don Revie was known to be a fan, and his brave approach, speed and two-footed skill suited England’s style. With Cheesley turning in another eye-catching performance at the highest level, many believed it was only a matter of time before he received a full international call-up [2].


=== Injury ===
Just three days after the victory at Arsenal, City were playing again, at home to Stoke City. It was during this game that, in one brutal moment, Cheesley’s promising career was ended. A cross came into the box and he rose to challenge England 'keeper Peter Shilton for the ball, getting there first and heading over. It was a harmless-looking clash but he landed badly, ripping his cartilage, tearing ligaments and chipping a bone in his knee. At the age of 23, and with a blossoming career ahead of him, he was taken off. Despite an attempted comeback in a home match against Birmingham City later that season he was forced to retire from league football [3].
He went on to have spells with non-league clubs, including Yeovil Town. He is currently the landlord of The Knowle Hotel [4], Leighton Road, in Bristol.


== References ==
Canary Citizens by Mike Davage, John Eastwood, Kevin Platt, published by Jarrold Publishing, (2001), ISBN 0-7117-2020-7





The Sony Ericsson Xperia arc S (Xperia LT18i) is a high-end smartphone developed by Sony Ericsson running Google's operating system Android 2.3.4 (Gingerbread). It is an upgrade of the Xperia Arc. It is the last phone carrying the Sony Ericsson brand, before Sony bought Ericsson's stake in the joint-venture.
Released in October 2011. The device's primary improvements over its predecessor are a 1.4 GHz Scorpion Snapdragon CPU and 14.4Mbit/s HSDPA, compared to the same model at 1.0 GHz and 7.2Mbit/s HSDPA in the Arc. Aside from the CPU speed upgrade and HSDPA speed upgrade, additional hardware remains unchanged.On 26 July 2012, Sony Mobile Communications officially confirmed via their Facebook page that the Xperia arc S along with the Xperia Mini Pro would not be receiving the Android 4.1 Jelly Bean update. However, this statement was then retracted and Sony has issued a new statement stating they are investigating the possibility of software upgrades for the two devices. However, as of December 2015, the upgrade has not materialised.


== Hardware ==
The Arc S features a capacitive touchscreen display of 4.2 inches and is equipped with an 8.1-megapixel camera with Exmor R for low-light capture. The camera supports 720p high definition video.
The device ships with an 8 GB microSD card for user storage and is expandable up to 32 GB (SDHC) or 64 GB (SDXC).
It comes in several colours: "Pure White", "Midnight Blue", "Misty Silver", "Gloss Black", "Sakura Pink".


=== Camera and video ===
8.1-megapixel camera with LED flash and auto focus
Sony’s Exmor™ R for mobile CMOS sensor
16x smart zoom
f/2.4 Aperture
HD video recording (720p), up to 30 frames per second
3D Sweep Panorama
Image playback, supported formats: BMP, GIF, JPEG, PNG, WBMP
Image capture, supported format: JPEG
Video playback and recording, supported formats: 3GPP, MP4
Accelerated Adobe Flash Video


=== Connectivity and communication ===
USB High speed 2.0 and Micro USB support
Wi-Fi and Wi-Fi hotspot functionality
HDMI support
DLNA certified
Synchronisation via Exchange ActiveSync, Google Sync and Facebook
aGPS
WebKit web browser with pan and zoom
Bluetooth technology


=== Memory ===
Internal phone storage: up to 2 GB
RAM: 512 MB
Expansion slot: microSD, up to 64 Gb


=== Networks ===
GSM GPRS/EDGE 850 MHz, 900 MHz, 1800 MHz, 1900 MHz
UMTS HSPA 900 MHz, 2100 MHz (Global except Americas)
UMTS HSPA 800 MHz, 850 MHz, 1900 MHz, 2100 MHz (Americas)


=== Entertainment ===
TrackID music recognition
xLOUD Experience – audio filter technology from Sony
FM Radio with RDS
3.5 mm audio jack for headphones
Audio playback, supported formats: MP3, 3GPP, MP4, SMF, WAV, OTA, Ogg Vorbis
Audio recording, supported formats: 3GPP, MP4, AMR
3D and motion gaming
Timescape with Twitter integrated
Facebook inside Xperia 2.0
Sony Entertainment Network (selected markets only)


=== Display ===
4.2", 854x480 pixels 16,777,216 colour TFT
Reality Display with Mobile BRAVIA® Engine
Scratch-resistant, shatterproof sheet on mineral glass
Capacitive touchscreen with on-screen QWERTY keyboard
Screenshot capturing


== Software ==
It was released running Android 2.3.4, was updated to Android 4.0.3 in January 2012 and updated to Android 4.0.4 in May 2012.
Pre-loaded applications

Google Voice Search
Google Talk
Google Mail
Google Calendar
Google Gallery 3D
Google Maps with Street View


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
Sony Ericsson Xperia arc S at GSMArena.com
Sony Ericsson Xperia ARC S Honest Review





Asteroid mining is the exploitation of raw materials from asteroids and other minor planets, including near-Earth objects.Hard rock minerals would be mined from an asteroid or a spent comet. Precious metals such as gold, silver, and platinum group metals could be transported back to Earth, whilst iron group metals and other common ones could be used for construction in space.
Difficulties include the high cost of spaceflight, unreliable identification of asteroids suitable for mining, and ore extraction challenges.  Thus, terrestrial mining remains the only means of raw mineral acquisition today.  If space program funding, either public or private, dramatically increases, this situation is likely to change as resources on Earth become increasingly scarce and the full potentials of asteroid mining—and space exploration in general—are researched in greater detail.  However, it is yet uncertain whether asteroid mining will develop to attain the volume and composition needed in due time to fully compensate for dwindling terrestrial reserves.


== Purpose ==
Based on known terrestrial reserves, and growing consumption in both developed and developing countries, key elements needed for modern industry and food production could be exhausted on Earth within 50 to 60 years. These include phosphorus, antimony, zinc, tin, lead, indium, silver, gold and copper.
In response, it has been suggested that platinum, cobalt and other valuable elements from asteroids may be mined and sent to Earth for profit, used to build solar-power satellites and space habitats, and water processed from ice to refuel orbiting propellant depots.Although asteroids and Earth accreted from the same starting materials, Earth's relatively stronger gravity pulled all heavy siderophilic (iron-loving) elements into its core during its molten youth more than four billion years ago. This left the crust depleted of such valuable elements until a rain of asteroid impacts re-infused the depleted crust with metals like gold, cobalt, iron, manganese, molybdenum, nickel, osmium, palladium, platinum, rhenium, rhodium, ruthenium and tungsten (some flow from core to surface does occur, e.g. at the Bushveld Igneous Complex, a famously rich source of platinum-group metals). Today, these metals are mined from Earth's crust, and they are essential for economic and technological progress. Hence, the geologic history of Earth may very well set the stage for a future of asteroid mining.
In 2006, the Keck Observatory announced that the binary Jupiter trojan 617 Patroclus, and possibly large numbers of other Jupiter trojans, are likely extinct comets and consist largely of water ice. Similarly, Jupiter-family comets, and possibly near-Earth asteroids that are extinct comets, might also provide water. The process of in-situ resource utilization—using materials native to space for propellant, thermal management, tankage, radiation shielding, and other high-mass components of space infrastructure—could lead to radical reductions in its cost.  Although whether these cost reductions could be achieved, and if achieved would offset the enormous infrastructure investment required, is unknown.
Ice would satisfy one of two necessary conditions to enable "human expansion into the Solar System" (the ultimate goal for human space flight proposed by the 2009 "Augustine Commission" Review of United States Human Space Flight Plans Committee): physical sustainability and economic sustainability.From the astrobiological perspective, asteroid prospecting could provide scientific data for the search for extraterrestrial intelligence (SETI). Some astrophysicists have suggested that if advanced extraterrestrial civilizations employed asteroid mining long ago, the hallmarks of these activities might be detectable.


== Asteroid selection ==
An important factor to consider in target selection is orbital economics, in particular the change in velocity (Δv) and travel time to and from the target. More of the extracted native material must be expended as propellant in higher Δv trajectories, thus less returned as payload. Direct Hohmann trajectories are faster than Hohmann trajectories assisted by planetary and/or lunar flybys, which in turn are faster than those of the Interplanetary Transport Network, but the reduction in transfer time comes at the cost of increased Δv requirements.The Easily Recoverable Object (ERO) subclass of Near-Earth asteroids are considered likely candidates for early mining activity. Their low Δv makes them suitable for use in extracting construction materials for near-Earth space-based facilities, greatly reducing the economic cost of transporting supplies into Earth orbit.The table above shows a comparison of Δv requirements for various missions. In terms of propulsion energy requirements, a mission to a near-Earth asteroid compares favorably to alternative mining missions.
An example of a potential target for an early asteroid mining expedition is 4660 Nereus, expected to be mainly enstatite. This body has a very low Δv compared to lifting materials from the surface of the Moon. However it would require a much longer round-trip to return the material.
Multiple types of asteroids have been identified but the three main types would include the C-type, S-type, and M-type asteroids:

C-type asteroids have a high abundance of water which is not currently of use for mining but could be used in an exploration effort beyond the asteroid. Mission costs could be reduced by using the available water from the asteroid. C-type asteroids also have a lot of organic carbon, phosphorus, and other key ingredients for fertilizer which could be used to grow food.
S-type asteroids carry little water but look more attractive because they contain numerous metals including: nickel, cobalt and more valuable metals such as gold, platinum and rhodium. A small 10-meter S-type asteroid contains about 650,000 kg (1,433,000 lb) of metal with 50 kg (110 lb) in the form of rare metals like platinum and gold.
M-type asteroids are rare but contain up to 10 times more metal than S-typesA class of easily recoverable objects (EROs) was identified by a group of researchers in 2013. Twelve asteroids made up the initially identified group, all of which could be potentially mined with present-day rocket technology. Of 9,000 asteroids searched in the NEO database, these twelve could all be brought into an Earth-accessible orbit by changing their velocity by less than 500 meters per second (1,800 km/h; 1,100 mph). The dozen asteroids range in size from 2 to 20 meters (10 to 70 ft).


=== Asteroid cataloging ===

The B612 Foundation is a private nonprofit foundation with headquarters in the United States, dedicated to protecting Earth from asteroid strikes. As a non-governmental organization it has conducted two lines of related research to help detect asteroids that could one day strike Earth, and find the technological means to divert their path to avoid such collisions.
The foundation's 2013 goal was to design and build a privately financed asteroid-finding space telescope, Sentinel, hoping in 2013 to launch it in 2017–2018.  The Sentinel's infrared telescope, once parked in an orbit similar to that of Venus, is designed to help identify threatening asteroids by cataloging 90% of those with diameters larger than 140 metres (460 ft), as well as surveying smaller Solar System objects.Data gathered by Sentinel was intended to be provided through an existing scientific data-sharing network that includes NASA and academic institutions such as the Minor Planet Center in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Given the satellite's telescopic accuracy, Sentinel's data may prove valuable for other possible future missions, such as asteroid mining.


== Mining considerations ==
There are three options for mining:
Bring raw asteroidal material to Earth for use.
Process it on-site to bring back only processed materials, and perhaps produce propellant for the return trip.
Transport the asteroid to a safe orbit around the Moon, Earth or to the ISS. This can hypothetically allow for most materials to be used and not wasted.Processing in situ for the purpose of extracting high-value minerals will reduce the energy requirements for transporting the materials, although the processing facilities must first be transported to the mining site. In situ mining will involve drilling boreholes and injecting hot fluid/gas and allow the useful material to react or melt with the solvent and the extract the solute. Due to the weak gravitational fields of asteroids, any drilling will cause large disturbances and form dust clouds.
Mining operations require special equipment to handle the extraction and processing of ore in outer space.
The machinery will need to be anchored to the body, but once in place, the ore can be moved about more readily due to the lack of gravity. However, no techniques for refining ore in zero gravity currently exist. Docking with an asteroid might be performed using a harpoon-like process, where a projectile would penetrate the surface to serve as an anchor; then an attached cable would be used to winch the vehicle to the surface, if the asteroid is both penetrable and rigid enough for a harpoon to be effective.Due to the distance from Earth to an asteroid selected for mining, the round-trip time for communications will be several minutes or more, except during occasional close approaches to Earth by near-Earth asteroids. Thus any mining equipment will either need to be highly automated, or a human presence will be needed nearby. Humans would also be useful for troubleshooting problems and for maintaining the equipment. On the other hand, multi-minute communications delays have not prevented the success of robotic exploration of Mars, and automated systems would be much less expensive to build and deploy.Technology being developed by Planetary Resources to locate and harvest these asteroids has resulted in the plans for three different types of satellites:

Arkyd Series 100 (the Leo Space telescope) is a less expensive instrument that will be used to find, analyze, and see what resources are available on nearby asteroids.
Arkyd Series 200 (the Interceptor) Satellite that would actually land on the asteroid to get a closer analysis of the available resources.
Arkyd Series 300 (Rendezvous Prospector) Satellite developed for research and finding resources deeper in space.Technology being developed by Deep Space Industries to examine, sample, and harvest asteroids is divided into three families of spacecraft:

FireFlies are triplets of nearly identical spacecraft in CubeSat form launched to different asteroids to rendezvous and examine them.
DragonFlies also are launched in waves of three nearly identical spacecraft to gather small samples (5–10 kg) and return them to Earth for analysis.
Harvestors voyage out to asteroids to gather hundreds of tons of material for return to high Earth orbit for processing.Asteroid mining could potentially revolutionize space exploration. The C-type asteroids's high abundance of water could be used to produce fuel by splitting water into hydrogen and oxygen. This would make space travel a more feasible option by lowering cost of fuel. While the cost of fuel is a relatively insignificant factor in the overall cost for low earth orbit manned space missions, storing it and the size of the craft become a much bigger factor for interplanetary missions. Typically 1 kg in orbit is equivalent to more than 10 kg on the ground (for a Falcon 9 1.0 it would need 250 tons of fuel to put 5 tons in GEO orbit or 10 tons in LEO). This limitation is a major factor in the difficulty of interplanetary missions as fuel becomes payload.


== Extraction techniques ==


=== Surface mining ===
On some types of asteroids, material may be scraped off the surface using a scoop or auger, or for larger pieces, an "active grab." 
There is strong evidence that many asteroids consist of rubble piles, making this approach possible.


=== Shaft mining ===
A mine can be dug into the asteroid, and the material extracted through the shaft. This requires precise knowledge to engineer accuracy of astro-location under the surface regolith and a transportation system to carry the desired ore to the processing facility.


=== Magnetic rakes ===
Asteroids with a high metal content may be covered in loose grains that can be gathered by means of a magnet.


=== Heating ===
For asteroids such as carbonaceous chondrites that contain hydrated minerals, water and other volatiles can be extracted simply by heating. A water extraction test in 2016 by Honeybee Robotics used asteroid regolith simulant developed by Deep Space Industries and the University of Central Florida to match the bulk mineralogy of a particular carbonaceous meteorite.  Although the simulant was physically dry (i.e., it contained no water molecules adsorbed in the matrix of the rocky material), heating to about 510 °C released hydroxyl, which came out as substantial amounts of water vapor from the molecular structure of phyllosilicate clays and sulphur compounds. The vapor was condensed into liquid water filling the collection containers, demonstrating the feasibility of mining water from certain classes of physically dry asteroids.For volatile materials in extinct comets, heat can be used to melt and vaporize the matrix.


=== Extraction using the Mond process ===
The nickel and iron of an iron rich asteroid could be extracted by the Mond process. This involves passing carbon monoxide over the asteroid at a temperature between 50 and 60 °C for nickel, higher for iron, and with high pressures and enclosed in materials that are resistant to the corrosive carbonyls. This forms the gases nickel tetracarbonyl and iron pentacarbonyl - then nickel and iron can be removed from the gas again at higher temperatures, perhaps in an attached printer, and platinum, gold etc. left as a residue.


=== Self-replicating machines ===
A 1980 NASA study entitled Advanced Automation for Space Missions proposed a complex automated factory on the Moon that would work over several years to build 80% of a copy of itself, the other 20% being imported from Earth since those more complex parts (like computer chips) would require a vastly larger supply chain to produce. Exponential growth of factories over many years could refine large amounts of lunar (or asteroidal) regolith. Since 1980 there has been major progress in miniaturization, nanotechnology, materials science, and additive manufacturing, so it may be possible to achieve 100% "closure" with a reasonably small mass of hardware, although these technology advancements are themselves enabled on Earth by expansion of the supply chain so it needs further study. A NASA study in 2012 proposed a "bootstrapping" approach to establish an in-space supply chain with 100% closure, suggesting it could be achieved in only two to four decades with low annual cost. A study in 2016 again claimed it is possible to complete in just a few decades because of ongoing advances in robotics, and it argued it will provide benefits back to the Earth including economic growth, environmental protection, and provision of clean energy while also providing humanity protection against existential threats.


== Proposed mining projects ==
On April 24, 2012 a plan was announced by billionaire entrepreneurs to mine asteroids for their resources. The company is called Planetary Resources and its founders include aerospace entrepreneurs Eric Anderson and Peter Diamandis. Advisers include film director and explorer James Cameron and investors include Google's chief executive Larry Page and its executive chairman Eric Schmidt. They also plan to create a fuel depot in space by 2020 by using water from asteroids, splitting it to liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen for rocket fuel. From there, it could be shipped to Earth orbit for refueling commercial satellites or spacecraft.  The plan has been met with skepticism by some scientists, who do not see it as cost-effective, even though platinum is worth £22 per gram and gold nearly £31 per gram (approximately £961 per troy ounce).   Platinum and gold are raw materials traded on terrestrial markets, and it is impossible to predict what prices either will command at the point in the future when resources from asteroids become available.   For example, platinum traditionally is very valuable due to its use in both industrial and jewelry applications, but should future technologies make the internal combustion engine obsolete, the demand for platinum's use as the catalyst in catalytic converters may well decline and decrease the metal's long term demand.  The ongoing NASA mission OSIRIS-REx, which is planned to return just a minimal amount (60 g; two ounces) of material but could get up to 2 kg from an asteroid to Earth, will cost about US$1 billion.Planetary Resources says that, in order to be successful, it will need to develop technologies that bring the cost of space flight down. Planetary Resources also expects that the construction of "space infrastructure" will help to reduce long-term running costs. For example, fuel costs can be reduced by extracting water from asteroids and splitting to hydrogen using solar energy. In theory, hydrogen fuel mined from asteroids costs significantly less than fuel from Earth due to high costs of escaping Earth's gravity. If successful, investment in "space infrastructure" and economies of scale could reduce operational costs to levels significantly below NASA's ongoing (OSIRIS-REx) mission.This investment would have to be amortized through the sale of commodities, delaying any return to investors. There are also some indications that Planetary Resources expects government to fund infrastructure development, as was exemplified by its recent request for $700,000 from NASA to fund the first of the telescopes described above.
Another similar venture, called Deep Space Industries, was started in 2013 by David Gump, who had founded other space companies. At the time, the company hoped to begin prospecting for asteroids suitable for mining by 2015 and by 2016 return asteroid samples to Earth. Deep Space Industries planned to begin mining asteroids by 2023.At ISDC-San Diego 2013, Kepler Energy and Space Engineering (KESE,llc) also announced it was going to mine asteroids, using a simpler, more straightforward approach: KESE plans to use almost exclusively existing guidance, navigation and anchoring technologies from mostly successful missions like the Rosetta/Philae, Dawn, and Hyabusa's Muses-C and current NASA Technology Transfer tooling to build and send a 4-module Automated Mining System (AMS) to a small asteroid with a simple digging tool to collect ≈40 tons of asteroid regolith and bring each of the four return modules back to low Earth orbit (LEO) by the end of the decade. Small asteroids are expected to be loose piles of rubble, therefore providing for easy extraction.
In September 2012, the NASA Institute for Advanced Concepts (NIAC) announced the Robotic Asteroid Prospector project, which will examine and evaluate the feasibility of asteroid mining in terms of means, methods, and systems.Being the largest body in the asteroid belt, Ceres could become the main base and transport hub for future asteroid mining infrastructure, allowing mineral resources to be transported to Mars, the Moon, and Earth. Because of its small escape velocity combined with large amounts of water ice, it also could serve as a source of water, fuel, and oxygen for ships going through and beyond the asteroid belt. Transportation from Mars or the Moon to Ceres would be even more energy-efficient than transportation from Earth to the Moon.


== Companies and organizations ==
Several organizations have said they are working on asteroid mining, including:


== Potential targets ==
According to the Asterank database, the following asteroids are considered the best targets for mining if maximum cost-effectiveness is to be achieved (last updated December 2018):


== Economics ==
Currently, the quality of the ore and the consequent cost and mass of equipment required to extract it are unknown and can only be speculated. Some economic analyses indicate that the cost of returning asteroidal materials to Earth far outweighs their market value, and that asteroid mining will not attract private investment at current commodity prices and space transportation costs. Other studies suggest large profit by using solar power. Potential markets for materials can be identified and profit generated if extraction cost is brought down. For example, the delivery of multiple tonnes of water to low Earth orbit for rocket fuel preparation for space tourism could generate a significant profit if space tourism itself proves profitable.In 1997 it was speculated that a relatively small metallic asteroid with a diameter of 1.6 km (1 mi) contains more than US$20 trillion worth of industrial and precious metals. A comparatively small M-type asteroid with a mean diameter of 1 km (0.62 mi) could contain more than two billion metric tons of iron–nickel ore, or two to three times the world production of 2004. The asteroid 16 Psyche is believed to contain 1.7×1019 kg of nickel–iron, which could supply the world production requirement for several million years. A small portion of the extracted material would also be precious metals.
Not all mined materials from asteroids would be cost-effective, especially for the potential return of economic amounts of material to Earth. For potential return to Earth, platinum is considered very rare in terrestrial geologic formations and therefore is potentially worth bringing some quantity for terrestrial use. Nickel, on the other hand, is quite abundant and being mined in many terrestrial locations, so the high cost of asteroid mining may not make it economically viable.Although Planetary Resources indicated in 2012 that the platinum from a 30-meter-long (98 ft) asteroid could be worth US$25–50 billion, an economist remarked any outside source of precious metals could lower prices sufficiently to possibly doom the venture by rapidly increasing the available supply of such metals.Development of an infrastructure for altering asteroid orbits could offer a large return on investment. Private companies like Planetoid Mines are developing space "tugs" and utilizing the mission parameters from NASA's Asteroid Redirect Mission using a gravitational assist maneuver to redirect an asteroid to cislunar orbit.


=== Scarcity ===

Scarcity is a fundamental economic problem of humans having seemingly unlimited wants in a world of limited resources. Since Earth's resources are not infinite, the relative abundance of asteroidal ore gives asteroid mining the potential to provide nearly unlimited resources, which would essentially eliminate scarcity for those materials.
The idea of exhausting resources is not new. In 1798, Thomas Malthus wrote, because resources are ultimately limited, the exponential growth in a population would result in falls in income per capita until poverty and starvation would result as a constricting factor on population. Malthus posited this 221 years ago, and no sign has yet emerged of the Malthus effect regarding raw materials.   

Proven reserves are deposits of mineral resources that are already discovered and known to be economically extractable under present or similar demand, price and other economic and technological conditions.
Conditional reserves are discovered deposits that are not yet economically viable.
Indicated reserves are less intensively measured deposits whose data is derived from surveys and geological projections. Hypothetical reserves and speculative resources make up this group of reserves.
Inferred reserves are deposits that have been located but not yet exploited.Continued development in asteroid mining techniques and technology will help to increase mineral discoveries. As the cost of extracting mineral resources, especially platinum group metals, on Earth rises, the cost of extracting the same resources from celestial bodies declines due to technological innovations around space exploration. The "substitution effect", i.e. the use of other materials for the functions now performed by platinum, would increase in strength as the cost of platinum increased.   New supplies would also come to market in the form of jewelry and recycled electronic equipment from itinerant "we buy platinum" businesses like the "we buy gold" businesses that exist now.
As of September 2016, there are 711 known asteroids with a value exceeding US$100 trillion.


=== Financial feasibility ===
Space ventures are high-risk, with long lead times and heavy capital investment, and that is no different for asteroid-mining projects. These types of ventures could be funded through private investment or through government investment. For a commercial venture it can be profitable as long as the revenue earned is greater than total costs (costs for extraction and costs for marketing). The costs involving an asteroid-mining venture have been estimated to be around US$100 billion in 1996.There are six categories of cost considered for an asteroid mining venture:
Research and development costs
Exploration and prospecting costs
Construction and infrastructure development costs
Operational and engineering costs
Environmental costs
Time costDetermining financial feasibility is best represented through net present value. One requirement needed for financial feasibility is a high return on investments estimating around 30%. Example calculation assumes for simplicity that the only valuable material on asteroids is platinum. On August 16, 2016 platinum was valued at $1157 per ounce or $37,000 per kilogram. At a price of $1,340, for a 10% return on investment, 173,400 kg (5,575,000 ozt) of platinum would have to be extracted for every 1,155,000 tons of asteroid ore. For a 50% return on investment 1,703,000 kg (54,750,000 ozt) of platinum would have to be extracted for every 11,350,000 tons of asteroid ore. This analysis assumes that doubling the supply of platinum to the market (5.13 million ounces in 2014) would have no effect on the price of platinum. A more realistic assumption is that increasing the supply by this amount would reduce the price 30–50%.The financial feasibility of asteroid mining with regards to different technical parameters has been presented by Sonter  and more recently by Hein et al.Hein et al. have specifically explored the case where platinum is brought from space to Earth and estimate that economically viable asteroid mining for this specific case would be rather challenging.
Decreases in the price of space access matter.  The start of operational use of the low-cost-per-kilogram-in-orbit Falcon Heavy launch vehicle in 2018 is projected by astronomer Martin Elvis to have increased the extent of economically-minable near-Earth asteroids from hundreds to thousands.  With the increased availability of several kilometers per second of delta-v that Falcon Heavy provides, it increases the number of NEAs accessible from 3 percent to around 45 percent.


== Regulation and safety ==
Space law involves a specific set of international treaties, along with national statutory laws. The system and framework for international and domestic laws have emerged in part through the United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs. The rules, terms and agreements that space law authorities consider to be part of the active body of international space law are the five international space treaties and five UN declarations. Approximately 100 nations and institutions were involved in negotiations.  The space treaties cover many major issues such as arms control, non-appropriation of space, freedom of exploration, liability for damages, safety and rescue of astronauts and spacecraft, prevention of harmful interference with space activities and the environment, notification and registration of space activities, and the settlement of disputes. In exchange for assurances from the space power, the nonspacefaring nations acquiesced to U.S. and Soviet proposals to treat outer space as a commons (res communis) territory which belonged to no one state.
Asteroid mining in particular is covered by both international treaties—for example, the Outer Space Treaty—and national statutory laws—for example, specific legislative acts in the United States and Luxembourg.Varying degrees of criticism exist regarding international space law. Some critics accept the Outer Space Treaty, but reject the Moon Agreement. Therefore, it is important to note that even the Moon Agreement with its common heritage of mankind clause, allows space mining, extraction, private property rights and exclusive ownership rights over natural outer space resources, if removed from their natural place. The Outer Space Treaty and the Moon Agreement allow private property rights for outer space natural resources once removed from the surface, subsurface or subsoil of the moon and other celestial bodies in outer space. Thus, international space law is capable of managing newly emerging space mining activities, private space transportation, commercial spaceports and commercial space stations/habitats/settlements. Space mining involving the extraction and removal of natural resources from their natural location is without question allowable under the Outer Space Treaty and the Moon Agreement. Once removed, those natural resources can be reduced to possession, sold, traded and explored or used for scientific purposes. International space law allows space mining, specifically the extraction of natural resources. It is generally understood within the space law authorities that extracting space resources is allowable, even by private companies for profit. However, international space law prohibits property rights over territories and outer space land.
Astrophysicists Carl Sagan and Steven J. Ostro raised the concern altering the trajectories of asteroids near Earth might pose a collision hazard threat. They concluded that orbit engineering has both opportunities and dangers: if controls instituted on orbit-manipulation technology were too tight, future spacefaring could be hampered, but if they were too loose, human civilization would be at risk.


=== The Outer Space Treaty ===
After ten years of negotiations between nearly 100 nations, the Outer Space Treaty opened for signature on January 27, 1966. It entered into force as the constitution for outer space on October 10, 1967.  The Outer Space Treaty was well received; it was ratified by ninety-six nations and signed by an additional twenty-seven states. The outcome has been that the basic foundation of international space law consists of five (arguably four) international space treaties, along with various written resolutions and declarations. The main international treaty is the Outer Space Treaty of 1967; it is generally viewed as the "Constitution" for outer space. By ratifying the Outer Space Treaty of 1967, ninety-eight nations agreed that outer space would belong to the "province of mankind", that all nations would have the freedom to "use" and "explore" outer space, and that both these provisions must be done in a way to "benefit all mankind". The province of mankind principle and the other key terms have not yet been specifically defined (Jasentuliyana, 1992). Critics have complained that the Outer Space Treaty is vague. Yet, international space law has worked well and has served space commercial industries and interests for many decades. The taking away and extraction of Moon rocks, for example, has been treated as being legally permissible.
The framers of Outer Space Treaty initially focused on solidifying broad terms first, with the intent to create more specific legal provisions later (Griffin, 1981: 733–734). This is why the members of the COPUOS later expanded the Outer Space Treaty norms by articulating more specific understandings which are found in the "three supplemental agreements" – the Rescue and Return Agreement of 1968, the Liability Convention of 1973, and the Registration Convention of 1976 (734).
Hobe (2006) explains that the Outer Space Treaty "explicitly and implicitly prohibits only the acquisition of territorial property rights" but extracting space resources is allowable.
But through a loophole in the treaty people such as Lachlan Coleman have been able to secure the ownership of the majority of asteroids within the solar system as it only prohibits nations from acquiring bodies in space. this means that individuals are able to claim. This is exhibited with the extraterrestrial real estate movement.


=== The Moon Agreement ===

The Moon Agreement (1979–1984) is often treated as though it is not a part of the body of international space law, and there has been extensive debate on whether or not the Moon Agreement is a valid part of international law. It entered into force in 1984, because of a five state ratification consensus procedure, agreed upon by the members of the United Nations Committee on Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (COPUOS). Still today very few nations have signed and/or ratified the Moon Agreement. In recent years this figure has crept up to a few more than a dozen nations who have signed and ratified the treaty. The other three outer space treaties experienced a high level of international cooperation in terms of signage and ratification, but the Moon Treaty went further than them, by defining the Common Heritage concept in more detail and by imposing specific obligations on the parties engaged in the exploration and/or exploitation of outer space. The Moon Treaty explicitly designates the Moon and its natural resources as part of the Common Heritage of Mankind.The Moon Agreement allows space mining, specifically the extraction of natural resources. The treaty specifically provides in Article 11, paragraph 3 that:

Neither the surface nor the subsurface of the Moon, nor any part thereof or natural resources in place [emphasis added], shall become property of any State, international intergovernmental or non-governmental organization, national organization or non-governmental entity or of any natural person. The placement of personnel, space vehicles, equipment, facilities, stations and installations on or below the surface of the Moon, including structures connected with its surface or subsurface, shall not create a right of ownership over the surface or the subsurface of the Moon or any areas thereof.
The objection to the treaty by the spacefaring nations is held to be the requirement that extracted resources (and the technology used to that end) must be shared with other nations. The similar regime in the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea is believed to impede the development of such industries on the seabed.


=== Legal regimes of some countries ===
Some nations are beginning to promulgate legal regimes for extraterrestrial resource extraction.  For example, the United States "SPACE Act of 2015"—facilitating private development of space resources consistent with US international treaty obligations—passed the US House of Representatives in July 2015. In November 2015 it passed the United States Senate. On 25 November US-President Barack Obama signed the H.R.2262 – U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act into law. The law recognizes the right of U.S. citizens to own space resources they obtain and encourages the commercial exploration and utilization of resources from asteroids. According to the article § 51303 of the law:
A United States citizen engaged in commercial recovery of an asteroid resource or a space resource under this chapter shall be entitled to any asteroid resource or space resource obtained, including to possess, own, transport, use, and sell the asteroid resource or space resource obtained in accordance with applicable law, including the international obligations of the United States

In February 2016, the Government of Luxembourg announced that it would attempt to "jump-start an industrial sector to mine asteroid resources in space" by, among other things, creating a "legal framework" and regulatory incentives for companies involved in the industry.
By June 2016, it announced that it would "invest more than US$200 million in research, technology demonstration, and in the direct purchase of equity in companies relocating to Luxembourg."
In 2017, it became the "first European country to pass a law conferring to companies the ownership of any resources they extract from space", and remained active in advancing space resource public policy in 2018.


== Environmental Impact ==
A positive impact of asteroid mining has been conjectured as being an enabler of transferring industrial activities into space, such as energy generation. A quantitative analysis of the potential environmental benefits of water and platinum mining in space has been developed, where potentially large benefits could materialize, depending on the ratio of material mined in space and mass launched into space.


== Missions ==


=== Ongoing and planned ===
Hayabusa 2 – ongoing JAXA asteroid sample return mission (arrived at the target in 2018)
OSIRIS-REx – ongoing NASA asteroid sample return mission (launched in September 2016)
Fobos-Grunt 2 – proposed Roskosmos sample return mission to Phobos (launch in 2024)


=== Completed ===

First successful missions by country:


== In fiction ==

The first mention of asteroid mining in science fiction apparently came in Garrett P. Serviss' story Edison's Conquest of Mars, published in the New York Evening Journal in  1898.The 1979 film Alien, directed by Ridley Scott, features the crew of the Nostromo, a commercially-operated spaceship on a return trip to Earth hauling a refinery and 20 million tons of mineral ore mined from an asteroid.
C. J. Cherryh's 1991 novel, Heavy Time, focuses on the plight of asteroid miners in the Alliance-Union universe, while Moon is a 2009 British science fiction drama film depicting a lunar facility that mines the alternative fuel helium-3 needed to provide energy on Earth. It was notable for its realism and drama, winning several awards internationally.Several science-fiction video games include asteroid mining. For example, in the space-MMO, EVE Online, asteroid mining is a very popular career, owing to its simplicity.In the computer game Star Citizen, the mining occupation supports a variety of dedicated specialists, each of which has a critical role to play in the effort.In The Expanse series of novels, asteroid mining is a driving economic force behind the colonization of the solar system. Since huge energy input is required to escape planets' gravity, the novels imply that once space-based mining platforms are established, it will be more efficient to harvest natural resources (water, oxygen, building materials, etc.) from asteroids rather than lifting them out of Earth's gravity well.


== Gallery ==

		
		
		


== See also ==

Asteroid capture
Asteroid Redirect Mission
Deep Space Industries
In situ resource utilization
Mining the Sky: Untold Riches from the Asteroids, Comets, and Planets
Near Earth Asteroid Prospector
Planetary Resources Inc.
Sample-return mission
Space manufacturing
Space-based economy
SpaceDev
World Is Not Enough (spacecraft propulsion)


== Notes ==


== References ==


=== Publications ===
Space Enterprise: Beyond NASA / David Gump (1990) ISBN 0-275-93314-8.
Mining the Sky: Untold Riches from the Asteroids, Comets, and Planets / John S. Lewis (1998) ISBN 0-201-47959-1
Ricky Lee: Law and Regulation of Commercial Mining of Minerals in Outer Space. Springer, Dordrecht 2012, ISBN 978-94-007-2038-1
Viorel Badescu: Asteroids – prospective energy and material resources. Springer, Berlin 2013, ISBN 978-3-642-39243-6.
Ram Jakhu,et al.: Space Mining and Its Regulation. Springer, Cham 2016, ISBN 978-3-319-39245-5.
Annette Froehlich: Space Resource Utilization: A View from an Emerging Space Faring Nation. Springer, Cham 2018, ISBN 978-3-319-66968-7.


== External links ==


=== Text ===
The Technical and Economic Feasibility of Mining the Near-Earth Asteroids, M. J. Sonter.
Michael Booth: The Future of Space Mining (December 21, 1995)
The Plan to Bring an Asteroid to Earth
How Asteroids can save mankind
Luxembourg aims to be big player in possible asteroid mining, The Guardian, February 2016.
Blair, Brad R. (2000). "The Role of Near-Earth Asteroids in Long-Term Platinum Supply" (PDF). Space Resources Roundtable II. 1.


=== Video ===
Video Beyond Earth – NEO Destinations  NewSpace Conference of the Space Frontier Foundation, Aug 7, 2011
Video Moon, Mars, Asteroids – Where to Go First for Resources? Space manufacturing Conference of the Space Studies Institute, October 2010
Video Moving An Asteroid California Institute of Technology, Workshop Public Lecture Panel, September 2011
Video Asteroid Mining – The Market Problem and Radical Solution, November 2013





The 1920 Columbus Panhandles season was the franchise's inaugural season in the American Professional Football Association (APFA)—later named the National Football League. The season concluded with the team going 2–7–2 and finishing 13th place in the APFA standings. The Panhandles entered the season after a 3–6–1 record in 1919. The team opened the 1920 season with a loss to the Dayton Triangles, and the Panhandles lost five straight until a victory over the Zanesville Mark Greys. Not a single player was on the All-Pro list.


== Offseason ==
The Columbus Panhandles finished their 1919 season with a 3–6–1 record in the Ohio League. On August 20, 1920, a meeting was held at Ralph Hay's automobile attended by representatives of four Ohio League teams: the Canton Bulldogs, the Cleveland Tigers, the Dayton Triangles, and the Akron Pros. At the meeting, they tentatively agreed to introduce a salary cap for the teams, not to sign college players nor players under contract with another team, and became united as the American Professional Football Conference. They then contacted other major professional teams and invited them to a meeting for September 17.At the meeting in September, representatives of the Rock Island Independents, the Muncie Flyers, the Decatur Staleys, the Racine Cardinals, the Massillon Tigers, the Chicago Cardinals, the Rochester Jeffersons, and the Hammond Pros. The following was achieved during the September 17 meeting: the name of American Professional Football Association was chosen; officers of the league were elected with Jim Thorpe as president; a membership fee of $100 was set; a committee to draft a constitution was named; the secretary of the league was to receive a list of all players used during the season by January 1, 1921; and the trophy that would be awarded to the league champions. Even though the Panhandles were not at the meetings, they were still a charter member of the APFA.


== Regular season ==
The Panhandles played their only home game at Neil Park. Joseph Carr made the team play mostly away games because they were able to travel on the railroads for free. This cut down on stadium cost and saved the team money. The regular season schedule was not a fixed schedule but was created dynamically by each team as the season progressed. Over the course of the 1920 season, the Panhandles played a total of 11 games. Of those 11 games, five were against APFA teams, and the others were against non-APFA teams. Every game played against league teams resulted in a loss.
The records kept for the 1920 season included games played against APFA and non-APFA teams. The Panhandles opened the season with a 14–0 loss to the Dayton Triangles in the first football game with two APFA teams. The previous week, considered week one, the Rock Island Independents played against the St. Paul Ideals in the first APFA game. The Panhandles lost their next five games without scoring a point, until a 10–0 win over the Zanesville Mark Greys. The Panhandles ended the season with a 24–0 victory and finished with a 2–7–2 record.


=== Schedule ===
Table gathered from The Columbus Panhandles and NFL History which uses various newspapers. For the results column, the winning team's score is posted first followed by the result for the Flyers. For the attendance, if a cell is greyed out and has "N/A", then that means there is an unknown figure for that game. The green-colored cells indicates a win; and the red-colored cells indicate a loss. The games against the local teams are listed, but are not counted in the standings. This is why the record column does not change following the result of those games.


== Game summaries ==


=== Week 2: at Dayton Triangles ===
October 3, 1920, at Triangle Park
The Panhandles' opening game against the Dayton Triangles is considered to be the first football game between two APFA teams. The Panhandles lost 14–0 to the Triangles. Despite the first two quarters resulting in ties, the crowd was excited. In the second quarter, the Triangles made a goal line stand while the Panhandles had the ball on the 3-yard line. Before halftime, the Triangles' Al Mahrt completed a 30-yard pass to Dutch Thiele, which resulted in the Triangles to having the ball on the 5-yard line. The Triangles' did not score on that possession due to the clock running out.Early in the third quarter, the Triangles started a possession on their own 35-yard line. Four consecutive run plays carried them to midfield. Then, Lou Partlow had a long run to the 10-yard line. The possession ended with a rushing touchdown from Partlow. The other Triangle score came in the middle of the fourth quarter. Frank Bacon returned a punt return for a 60-yard touchdown. After both touchdowns, George Kinderdine was responsible for the extra points.


=== Week 3: at Akron Pros ===
October 10, 1920, at League Park
Following the loss, the Panhandles played against the Akron Pros. Running back Frank McCormick of the Pros rushed for two touchdowns to give Akron a 14–0 lead in the second quarter. Bob Nash later recovered a fumble in the end zone for the first score from a fumble recovery. Harry Harris and fullback Fred Sweetland also contributed for the Pros, each scoring one rushing touchdown. The defense added another safety in the fourth quarter—which was the first safety in APFA history—to give to Panhandles their second loss of the season, 37–0.


=== Week 4: at Fort Wayne Friars ===
October 17, 1920, at League Park
In their third game of the season, the Panhandles played against the non-APFA Fort Wayne Friars. In the first ten minutes of the game, Lee Snoots was injured and had to miss the rest of the game. In front of 5,000 fans, the Panhandles lost 14–0. Huffine for the Friars scored two rushing touchdowns, one in the first and one in the third. This was the Panhandles' fourth straight loss to the Friars.


=== Week 5: at Detroit Heralds ===
October 24, 1920, at Mack Park
Following the loss, the Panhandles traveled to play the Detroit Heralds, an APFA team. The Panhandles' passing attack helped them outgain the Heralds, but, according to the Ohio State Journal, it was a close game and "one play decided the outcome." The Heralds' left end, Fitzgerald, intercepted a pass from Frank Nesser and ran it back for an 85-yard touchdown.


=== Week 6: at Cleveland Tigers ===
October 31, 1920, at League Park
In week 6, the Panhandles played against the Cleveland Tigers. In front of 5,000 fans, the Tigers won 7–0. The lone score came from a rushing touchdown in the second quarter from Charlie Brickley. This was the eighth straight loss for the Panhandles, dating back to 1919, and the seventh straight without scoring. According to football historian Chris Willis, this loss for the Panhandles crushed the city of Columbus and made the Panhandles challenge lesser teams for the rest of the season.


=== Week 7: at Zanesville Mark Greys ===
November 7, 1920, at Mark Athletic Field
The Panhandles recorded their first victory of the season with a 10–0 win against the non-APFA Zanesville Mark Greys. On the day before the game, the Zanesville Signal ran an advertisement to help promote the game, and the city of Zanesville was "excited" to host the Panhandles. In the first quarter, Jim Flower caught a touchdown pass from Frank Nesser. In the same quarter, Nesser kicked a 35-yard field goal. The points scored in the first quarter ended a streak of 28 straight scoreless quarters.


=== Week 8: at Buffalo All-Americans ===
November 14, 1920, at Canisius Field
In front of 9,000 fans, the Panhandles played their last against an APFA opponent, the Buffalo All-Americans, in week 8. Coming into the game, the All-Americans had a 6–0 undefeated record. At the end of the first quarter, the game near-even; the score was 7–6, Panhandles. After that, the game "proved disastrous" for the Panhandles. The final score was 43–7; the only score was a receiving touchdown from Homer Ruh. The Panhandles' defense allowed six rushing touchdowns, four of which came from the All-Americans' Smith. The other two came from Anderson and Hughitt. From these six rushing touchdowns, five of the extra points were converted, and the Panhandles' offense allowed a safety.


=== Week 9: at Zanesville Mark Greys ===
November 21, 1920, at Mark Athletic Field
In the Panhandles' rematch against the Mark Greys, the final score was a 0–0 tie. Chris Willis stated the game was a "nightmare" for the Panhandles, and the game felt like a loss for them. The Zanesville Signal claimed the Mark Greys outplayed the Panhandles in every aspect and called the game "one of the best ... of the season." According to Pro-Football-Reference.com, this game was the seventh game in NFL history to result in a 0–0 tie.


=== Week 10: at Elyria Athletics ===
November 25, 1920, at Lorain Athletic Field
Following the tie to the Mark Greys, the Panhandles traveled to Lorain, Ohio, to play against the Elyria Athletics on Thanksgiving Day. The result of the game was another 0–0 tie, making it the seventh time in nine games the Panhandles were held scoreless. Chris Willis stated this tie was not as bad as the previous weeks because the Athletics had old players from the Akron Indians, a winning team in the Ohio League.


=== Week 10: at Youngstown Patricians ===
November 28, 1920, at Idora Park
In their second game in three days, the Panhandles played against the Youngstown Patricians. It was a low-scoring, 2–0 loss. The lone score came from a safety in the second quarter. The Panhandles were about to punt, but it was blocked. The ball landed in the end zone, and a Panhandle player landed on the ball. According to the Youngstown Vindicator, the football's condition was damaged due to the water on the field and several fumbles occurred throughout the game.Even though the Nesser brothers "starred on several occasions", the Patricians' defense was more dominant. It was called a "stone wall" and stopped the Panhandles several times on short-yardage plays. According to the Vindicator, the number of first downs the Panhandles got were less than five.


=== Week 11: vs Columbus Wagner Pirates ===
December 5, 1920, at Neil Park
In week 11, the Panhandles played their only home game of the season against the Columbus Wagner Pirates. In front of a crowd of 2,000, the Panhandles won their second game of the season 24–0. In the first quarter, Frank Nesser scored the first points of the game with a 42-yard field goal. Even though the first half score was 3–0, the Panhandles heavily outplayed the Wanger Pirates. In the third quarter, Snoots ran for two rushing touchdowns. In the last quarter, Frank Nesser also contributed with a rushing touchdown. Despite Nesser kicking a field goal early in the game, Jim Flowers was the person who kicked the extra points in the game. This victory over the Wagner Pirates allowed the Panhandles to win their "city's championship".


== Standings ==
   Awarded the Brunswick-Balke Collender Cup and named APFA Champions.Note: Tie games were not officially counted in the standings until 1972.


== Roster ==
The list of players and the coaching staff is gathered from Uniform Numbers of the NFL: Pre-1933 Defunct Teams, The Columbus Panhandles, and Pro-Football-Reference.com.


== Notes ==


== References ==
Braunwart, Bob; Carroll, Bob (1981). "The First NFL Game(s)" (PDF). The Coffin Corner. Professional Football Researchers Association. 3 (2). Archived from the original (PDF) on March 2, 2012.
Braunwart, Bob; Carroll, Bob (1979). "The Columbus Panhandles: Last of the Sandlotters" (PDF). The Coffin Corner. Professional Football Researchers Association. 1 (8). Archived from the original (PDF) on May 11, 2012.
Davis, Jeff (2005). Papa Bear, The Life and Legacy of George Halas. New York: McGraw-Hill. ISBN 0-07-146054-3.
P.F.R.A. Research (1980). "Happy Birthday NFL?" (PDF). The Coffin Corner. Professional Football Researchers Association. 2 (8). Archived from the original (PDF) on June 12, 2011.
PFRA Research. "Forward Into Invisibility: 1920" (PDF). Professional Football Researchers Association. Archived from the original (PDF) on March 2, 2012. Retrieved February 27, 2012.
Peterson, Robert W (1997). Pigskin: The Early Years of Pro Football. New York: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-507607-9.
Siwoff, Seymour; Zimmber, Jon; Marini, Matt (2010). The Official NFL Record and Fact Book 2010. National Football League. ISBN 978-1-60320-833-8.
Willis, Chris (2007). The Columbus Panhandles: A Complete History of Pro Football's Toughest Team, 1900–1922. Lanham, Maryland: Scarecrow Press. ISBN 978-0-8108-5893-0.


== External links ==
1920 Columbus Panhandles at Pro-Football-Reference.com





William Cruickshank (died 1810 or 1811) was a Scottish military surgeon and chemist, and professor of chemistry at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich.
William Cruickshank was awarded a diploma by the Royal College of Surgeons of England on 5 October 1780.  In March 1788 he became assistant to Adair Crawford at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, at a salary of £30 a year.  On 24 June 1802, he became a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS).


== Discoveries and inventions ==
He identified carbon monoxide as a compound containing carbon and oxygen in 1800. In 1800 he also used chlorine to purify water.


=== Strontium ===
Some authors credit Cruickshank with first suspecting an unknown substance in a Scottish mineral, strontianite, found near Strontian, in Argyleshire. Other authors name Adair Crawford for the discovery of this new earth, due to the mineral's property of imparting a redding color to a flame. It was later isolated by Humphry Davy and is now known as strontium.


=== Diabetes ===
Cruikshank worked with John Rollo at Woolwich in the 1790s, and some of his discoveries about diabetes were published in Rollo's book on the dietary treatment of the condition. This research led him to isolate urea in 1798, though his priority was not recognised at the time.


=== Trough battery ===
Circa 1800, Cruickshank invented the Trough battery, an improvement on Alessandro Volta's voltaic pile.  The plates were arranged horizontally in a trough, rather than vertically in a column.


== Retirement and death ==
In March 1803, Cruickshank became very ill and it is possible that this was due to exposure to phosgene during his experiments.  On 6 July 1804, he retired on a pension of 10 shillings a day.  He died in 1810 or 1811 and military records state that the death occurred in Scotland.


== See also ==
William Cumberland Cruikshank


== References ==


== External links ==
Biography at Clarkson University





ITT Interconnect Solutions is a globally diversified connector and connector assembly manufacturing company. Founded in 1915 as Cannon (company) by James H. Cannon, the company developed some of the first equipment for sound films in the early years of the movie industry, including a synchronous motor drive to remotely operate a motion picture projector together with a phonograph. The first "Cannon plug", the M-1 connector, was initially designed as a quick grounding connection for the electrical motor on a portable meat grinder and was adapted for movie sound equipment, enabling the new electrical camera to move freely about while “shooting” a scene. Cannon's M-1 connector was incorporated into the sound equipment used to make the first "talking" motion picture, The Jazz Singer. Cannon continued to develop connectors for the entertainment industry, including the “P” Series audio connectors developed for Paramount Studios, as well as connectors used in the first radio microphones, the first black-and-white television cameras, and the first color television equipment.
In the early 1930s, Cannon was contracted by Douglas Aircraft Company to develop a circular connector for use on the DC-1 and on the subsequent DC-2 and DC-3 aircraft platforms. As the aerospace industry evolved, McDonnell Douglas Aircraft – as it became known – remained a key customer for Cannon throughout its existence. During the late 1930s with World War II on the horizon, Cannon began volume production of multi-contact electrical connectors, which were used by virtually every aircraft builder in the United States. Cannon's AN Series (for "Army/Navy") connector, developed for military aircraft applications, set the standard for modern military connector specifications.

In the 1950s, Cannon developed the D-subminiature connector for the military/aerospace market, and the company became an international supplier of connectors and interconnection systems with umbilical connectors designed to meet the specialized needs of guided missiles ranging from small rockets to multistage vehicles. To date, ITT Interconnect Solutions’ (ICS) connectors have been used on every free world space mission.

ITT Cannon also developed the XLR connector in the 1950s for military communications applications as well as sound equipment for professional recording studios. Over the years, the XL Series audio connector became a universal solution for both analog and digital connections, and in 2008 the connector was inducted into the TECnology Hall of Fame by the Mix Foundation for Excellence in Audio.

During this time, the company also became a key connector supplier to the U.S space program with the development of several specialized connectors for a wide range of aerospace applications, including a special microminiature connector developed for use on space suits. NASA awarded Cannon the Medallion for Distinguished Service for its efforts in the first U.S. manned lunar landing. The United Space Alliance recently presented ITT Interconnect Solutions with a certificate of appreciation for supporting the shuttle and international space station programs with a variety of circular and fiber optic connectors.
ITT Cannon entered the medical electronics industry with the development of fiber optic microminiature connectors for diagnostic equipment as well as electronic prostheses to restore eyesight, hearing and other functions. These fiber optic connectors also opened up opportunities in the telecommunications market.
In the automotive and transportation markets, ITT Cannon developed heavy duty durable connectors capable of withstanding high temperatures and harsh environments, many of which are used in vehicles designed by BMW, Ferrari, General Motors and many others.


== Acquiring BIW ==
In 2001, ITT Cannon purchased BIW, a manufacturer of electrical power connectors, cables and harnessing. BIW designed and manufactured the first power feedthru connectors for electric submersible pumps used in artificial lifts for oil wells, and the company developed the first field attachable connectors for electric submersible pump power cables.


== Acquiring VEAM ==
In 2003, ITT Cannon acquired VEAM, a  manufacturer of specialized high reliability DIN rail, multipin, bulkhead sensor and power connectors serving the transportation, military and nuclear markets. As part of ITT Interconnect Solutions, VEAM also offers complete junction box assemblies for mass transit applications.


== ITT Interconnect Solutions Today ==
In 2007, ITT Cannon changed its name to ITT Interconnect Solutions. Headquartered in Irvine, California, ITT Interconnect Solutions is a division of ITT Corporation.





Sketches on Standards (subtitled Request selections from the Kenton Dance Library) is an album by pianist and bandleader Stan Kenton featuring performances of jazz standards recorded in 1953 and originally released on the Capitol label as a 10-inch LP.


== Critical reception ==
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow noted "although these concise interpretations are not essential, the music is quite pleasing". On All About Jazz Jack Bowers said "One can’t help noticing that, unlike many of today’s inseparable clones, Kenton’s soloists — most of them, anyway — are almost instantly identifiable. No one, for example, would mistake Konitz, Candoli, Rosolino or Kamuca for anyone else, and their resourceful improvisations sound as fresh today as they did half a century ago".


== Track listing ==
"Sophisticated Lady" (Duke Ellington, Irving Mills, Mitchell Parish) - 3:19
"Begin the Beguine" (Cole Porter) - 3:04
"Lover Man (Oh, Where Can You Be?)" (Jimmy Davis, James Sherman, Ram Ramirez) - 2:50
"Pennies from Heaven" (Arthur Johnston, Johnny Burke) - 3:00
"Over the Rainbow" (Harold Arlen, Yip Harburg) - 3:05
"Fascinating Rhythm" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) - 2:46
"There's a Small Hotel" (Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart) - 2:43
"Shadow Waltz" (Al Dubin, Harry Warren) - 2:37
"Harlem Nocturne" (Earle Hagen) - 3:06 *bonus track on CD
"Stella By Starlight" (Victor Young - Ned Washington) - 3:18 *bonus track on CD
"Dark Eyes" (Traditional) - (2:12) - *bonus track on CD
"Malaguena" (Ernesto Lecuona) -(2:31) - *bonus track on CD
"Spring is Here" (Rodgers and Hart) (3:19) -  *bonus track on CD
"I'm Glad There Is You (F. Madeira J. Dorsey) (4:14) - *bonus track on CD


== Personnel ==
Stan Kenton - piano, conductor
Conte Candoli, Buddy Childers, Don Dennis, Maynard Ferguson, Ruben McFall - trumpet
Bob Burgess, Keith Moon, Frank Rosolino, Bill Russo - trombone
George Roberts - bass trombone
Vinnie Dean, Lee Konitz - alto saxophone
Bill Holman, Richie Kamuca - tenor saxophone
Bob Gioga - baritone saxophone
Sal Salvador  - guitar
Don Bagley - bass
Stan Levey - drums
Stan Kenton (track 2), Lennie Niehaus (track 4), Bill Russo (tracks 1, 3 & 5-8) - arranger


== References ==





Matigsalug (Matig-Salug Manobo) is a Manobo language of Mindanao in the Philippines. It is a Central Philippine language that belongs to the Malayo-Polynesian subgroup of the Austronesian language family. There are four major dialects: Kulamanen, Tigwa,  Tala Ingod, and Matigsalug Proper. Dialects are divergent, such that Tigwa has marginal intelligibility of Matigsalug, and only Tala Ingod may have adequate intelligibility of Matigsalug. There are approximately 5,000 monolinguals, but have at least 50,000 speakers; most of whom are concentrated in Mindanao, notably in south central Bukidnon, North Cotabato (northeast), and northwestern Davao del Sur provinces.


== Alphabet ==
The Matigsalug alphabet consists of eighteen graphemes: a, b, d, e, g, h, i, k, l, m, n, p, r, s, t, u, w, y. The graphemes c, f, j, o, q, v, x, z are used in recently borrowed words and the names of people and places. Punctuation standards follow those of the Philippine national language. The glottal stop is represented by a hyphen when it occurs word medially, but not where it occurs intervocalically. For example, the word [manʔʌʔ] 'again' is written as man-e, while the word [tiʔaŋ] 'carry on the shoulder' is written as tiang.


== Phonology ==


=== Vowels ===
Matigsalug has 4 vowels: /i, ʌ, a, u/.
Long vowels do occur in Matigsalug, albeit rarely. The orthographic convention for long vowels is to write two vowel segments. For example, the word [pa:n] 'bread' is written as paan. This convention, however, may cause some confusion among non-expert speakers of the language. Instead of a long vowel, they might parse the VV-grapheme sequence as two vocalic segments with a glottal stop. That is, they might read paan as [paʔan].


=== Consonants ===
There are 14 Matigsalug consonants. All the stops are unaspirated. The velar nasal occurs in all positions including at the beginning of a word.


=== Stress ===
Stress in Matigsalug always occurs penultimately, that is, on the second-to-last vowel. Because it is completely predictable, stress is not marked orthographically.
Matigsalug does have small one-syllable clitics. When these phonologically join to the previous word, they cause the stress to shift in order to maintain penultimate stress. For example, the word for 'father' is ámey; when the possessive determiner rin 'his/her' is added, the stress shifts to the second syllable of the word for 'father': améy rin


== Morphosyntax ==


=== Noun phrases ===
Nouns are preceded by a case marker. There are three types of case markers in Matigsalug.
First, similar to the better-studied ang-marking in Tagalog, the language also employs a case-marking reserved for the noun with which the verb agrees (via focus/voice morphology). This marker exhibits allomorphy depending on whether the noun is a proper noun or a common noun. Si is the allomorph used when the noun is a proper noun or a kinship term; ka is used when the noun is a common noun or a possessive noun phrase.

'Inday/Uncle''the sugar cane/his breath'Second, when the verb shows agreement with any other noun other than the agent/experiencer, the agent/experiencer is marked with a separate case marking. In other words, this would be comparable with the by-phrase in an English passive. This case marking also exhibits allomorphy depending on whether the agent/experiencer is a proper or a common noun. Ni is the allomorph used when the noun is a proper noun or a kinship term; te is used when the noun is a common noun or a possessive noun phrase.	

'by Inday/uncle''by the man'Lastly, there is case marking reserved for non-focused non-agent/experiencer roles in the clause. This case marking also exhibits allomorphy depending on whether the agent/experiencer is a proper or a common noun. Ki is the allomorph used when the noun is a proper noun or a kinship term; te is used when the noun is a common noun or a possessive noun phrase.	

'to/from Inday/uncle''to/from the man'


=== Focus/voice morphology ===
Characteristic of Philippine-type languages, Matigsalug verbs carry what is known in the literature as  focus morphology. This piece of morphology indicates the semantic roles of the participants in the clause with respect to the verb. Matigsalug can put the agent/experiencer (AF), goal (GF), location (LF), and instrument (IF) into direct focus.
In the first example, the prefix eg- indicates that the ka-marked noun functions as the agent, that is, the entity doing the kicking. In the second example, the prefix eg- in combination with the suffix -en together indicate that the ka-marked noun is the goal, that is, the entity being kicked.

'The horse kicks the child''The child kicks the horse'


== General Reference ==
Wang, P., Hunt, R., McGriff, J., & Elkins, R.E. (2006). The Grammar of Matigsalug Manobo. Summer Institute of Linguistics. Retrieved from http://www.sil.org/asia/philippines/plb_download.html


== References ==





Bvndit (밴디트), stylized as BVNDIT, is a South Korean girl group under MNH Entertainment. The group consists of five members: Yiyeon, Jungwoo, Songhee, Simyeong, and Seungeun. They made their debut on April 10, 2019 with the EP BVNDIT, Be Ambitious!.


== Name ==
The group name, "Bvndit" is pronounced as "Bandit". The group's name is the acronym for "Be ambitious and do it".


== History ==


=== 2019–present: Debut with Hocus Pocus ===
BVNDIT became the first girl group ever formed by MNH Entertainment. The group made its debut on 10 April with the single “Hocus Pocus”, which is the lead track for its debut EP BVNDIT, Be Ambitious!. The EP consists of three songs, with the other two being "Be Ambitious!” serving as the introductory track and “Temperature of Love". They made their official debut stage on 11 April 2019, on the music show M Countdown.


== Members ==
Adapted from their Naver profile.
Yiyeon (정다솔)
Jungwoo (엄정우)
Songhee (윤송희)
Simyeong (이시명)
Seungeun (심승은)


== Discography ==


=== Single albums ===


=== Singles ===


== References ==


== External links ==
BVNDIT at MNH Entertainment (in Korean)





The Girl Next Door  is a crime novel by American writer Jack Ketchum in 1989. It is about two teen girls who are left in the care of their aunt, and the systematic and escalating abuse both of them and one sister in particular suffer at the hands of their aunt and her children.  
The novel is loosely based on the murder of Sylvia Likens, in Indianapolis, Indiana in 1965,  although the names of the people involved, as well as the location, time and details of the crime itself have been changed. In 2007 it was made into a feature film, The Girl Next Door.


== Synopsis ==
The story takes place in 1950s suburban United States, and is told in flashback form by the narrator, David.
After giving the reader a quick tour of his neighborhood and childhood friends, David introduces Ruth, a single mother and an alcoholic (amongst other things) with three sons: Willie, Donny, and Ralph. Ruth has, over time, gained the trust of the neighborhood children by allowing them to come freely into her home, play as rough as they wish, and even drink an occasional beer with her.
Ruth's nieces then enter the picture; Meg, a teen girl for whom David develops feelings and Susan, a young girl who was severely injured in a car accident and still experiences complications from it. Both girls come to live with their aunt after the sudden death of their parents. At first when they arrive, all seems well. However, Ruth's mental state has been deteriorating over time, and the burden of having two more children to care for seems to accelerate her descent into madness.
Ruth begins verbally abusing Meg, calling her a slut. After an incident where Meg hits Ralphie when he touches her breast, Ruth beats Susan for "being in canivance" with Meg. When Meg tries to tell a police officer about the abuse, Ruth locks her in their bomb shelter and allows her boys to strip her, then leaves her there, bound and gagged, all night. She starves her and even allows the other children to burn her, beat her and even urinate in Meg's face over the course of months, making them feel that because they have the permission of an adult, their actions are okay and they will not be punished.
David soon realizes that he must do something before time runs out and he loses the first girl that he has ever loved. However, despite his efforts, his plan to rescue Meg is foiled when Meg tries to bring her sister Susan with her and Ruth catches them trying to leave. As punishment, Ruth allows her son Donny to rape Meg. Willie also wants to rape her, but Ruth refuses to let him, saying it is incest for him to do so after his brother. Ruth then carves the words "I FUCK / FUCK ME" into Meg's stomach, saying she is doing it so no man will ever want Meg. Ruth then takes it a step further and decides she will end all sexual desire on Meg's part and gives her a clitorectomy. 
In the meantime, David decides to create a plan to get Meg, Susan, and himself out of the house alive. After one final act of torture, Meg dies, shortly after the police arrive. As David and Ruth are being led upstairs, David sees Ruth wearing Meg's mother's wedding band. Remembering a promise to get it back to Meg, he vengefully pushes Ruth down the stairs, killing her. The officer with David realizes he did this intentionally, but, knowing how evil Ruth was, the officer claims that the fall was accidental, and David is never charged with Ruth's death. As David grows up he continually tracks down the whereabouts of the other children who helped to torture Meg, discovering that they either end up dying young as a result of reckless lifestyles or go on to lead lives blighted by poverty and crime. After reading of a brutal crime spree perpetuated by one of the now-grown children of Ruth, David is left to wonder what has become of the children that he was unable to track down.


== Film adaptation ==
A feature film based on Ketchum's novel was released in 2007.  Entitled The Girl Next Door, the film stars Blanche Baker, Blythe Auffarth, William Atherton, and Daniel Manche. It was directed by Gregory Wilson from a screenplay by Daniel Farrands and Philip Nutman. After a successful series of screenings at film festivals around the world, the film was released by Starz Home Entertainment on December 4, 2007.


== External links ==
The Girl Next Door film official website
Jack Ketchum Website





The Singapore Herald was a tabloid newspaper in Singapore whose publishing license was suspended by the Singapore government on May 28, 1971. The government had accused the paper of being involved in "black operations", of being funded by questionable foreign sources, of working up agitation against national policies and institutions, and of "taking on the government" [1].
In 1974, the government strengthened press control through the Newspaper and Printing Presses Act.


== Sources ==
Seow, Francis T. 1998. The Media Enthralled: Singapore Revisited. Boulder: Lynne  Rienner. ISBN 1-55587-779-6


== See also ==
Censorship in Singapore
List of newspapers in Singapore





Arthur Gunnar Lönnqvist (4 January 1891 Helsinki – 26 December 1978 Helsinki) was a Finnish photographer and businessman.Lönnqvist started his career as an atelier photographer, but soon turned into amateur photography. He photographed his home city Helsinki and the surrounding countryside's landscapes and people. Lönnqvist also photographed in other Finnish cities and during his travels in Europe. He is known especially of photographs taken during the battle of Helsinki in the Finnish civil war in April 1918. Lönnqvist has won several photography awards in Finland and abroad.Lönnqvist was involved in amateur photography already as a young man. After he finished school he started working in 1904 at photographer Daniel Nyblin’s camera accessories shop Suomen Valokuvaustarvikekauppa (Ab Finska Fotografiska Magasinet in Swedish). Lönnqvist began work as an office clerk, copyist and photographic assistant and also served as the head of the photograph laboratory. In the year 1915 he married Ida Järvenpää (1893–1970). They had 6 children. In 1919 Lönnqvist became the procurator at Suomen Valokuvaustarvikekauppa and later in the 1920s he became the company’s managing director. In 1933 Lönnqvist founded the company Oy Valovarjo Ab and was engaged as the managing director until the age of 75. The company became the head agency for Kodak-products in Finland.Beginning from the year 1909 Lönnqvist was actively involved in the Amatörfotografklubben photograph club. He was awarded the club's honorary membership.

		


== References ==


== Bibliography ==
Feiring, Clas; Gustafsson, Stig (1989). AFK 1889-1989 (in English, Finnish, and Swedish). Helsinki: Amatörfotografklubben i Helsingfors 1989. pp. 10, 18, 26. ISBN 952-90078-5-X.
Kukkonen, Jukka; Heikka, Elina (2008). Punamustavalkea 1918 kuvat [Redblackwhite 1918 photographs] (in Finnish). Helsinki: The Finnish Museum of Photography. p. 35. ISBN 978-951-9086-74-3.
Kukkonen, Jukka; Vuorenmaa, Tuomo-Juhani; Hinkka, Jorma (1992). Valokuvan taide - suomalainen valokuva 1842-1982 [The art of photograph - Finnish photograph 1842-1982] (in Finnish). Helsinki: Suomalaisen Kirjallisuuden Seura. p. 451. ISBN 978-9517176996.
Lintonen, Kati; Rastenberger, Anna-Kaisa; Heikka, Elina (2014). Valokuvataiteen ydin - 1900-luvun suomalaiset valokuvat ja taidepuhe [The core of photographic art - 20th century Finnish photographs and art talk] (in Finnish). Helsinki: Maahenki. pp. 34–39. ISBN 978-952-301-003-1.
Mäkelä, Asko; Sederholm, Nina (2001). The Memory of the Photograph - Cataloguing & Classification Practices in the Nordic Countries, the Baltic States and Russia. Copenhagen: Nordic Council of Ministers. p. 154. ISBN 92-893-0628-9.
Nyblin, Ragnar (1927). A.B. Finska Fotografiska Magasinet F. D. Daniel Nyblin 18 7/7 77 – 19 7/7 27 (in Swedish). Helsinki: Osakeyhtiö Weilin & Göös Aktiebolag. pp. 19–20.
Nyblin, Ragnar (1927). O.Y. Suomen Valokuvaustarpeiden Kauppa ent. Daniel Nyblin 18 7/7 77 – 19 7/7 27 (in Finnish). Helsinki: Osakeyhtiö Weilin & Göös Aktiebolag. pp. 19–20.
Toimituskunta A. Uusikylä et al. (1929). Valoa ja varjoa - suomalaisia valokuvia [Light and shadow - Finnish photographs] (in Finnish). Porvoo: Werner Söderström osakeyhtiö. p. 10.CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)


== External links ==
Bert Carpelan. "AFK - History of the club: The First Hundred Years". Translated by Kristina Mellberg. Retrieved July 3, 2016.
Bert Carpelan. "AFK - Kerhon historiaa: Ensimmäiset sata vuotta" [AFK – History of the club: The First Hundred Years] (in Finnish). Retrieved July 3, 2016.
Bert Carpelan. "AFK - Klubbens historia: De första hundra åren" [AFK – History of the club: The First Hundred Years] (in Swedish). Retrieved July 3, 2016.
"Gunnar Lönnqvist's photographs at the Finnish National Board of Antiquities Kuvakokoelmat.fi-service" (in Finnish). Retrieved July 3, 2016.





Johnston Murray (July 21, 1902 – April 16, 1974) was an American lawyer and the 14th governor of Oklahoma. A member of the Democratic Party, he served as governor from 1951 to 1955. His father, William H. Murray, was the ninth governor of Oklahoma and the president of the constitutional convention leading up to statehood. Both are buried in Tishomingo, Oklahoma.
Johnston Murray served as governor from 1951 to 1955. He attempted to reduce state spending but was blocked by state legislators. Since he was prohibited, constitutionally, from succeeding himself, his wife Willie ran for governor in 1954 but failed to win. A few months later there was a bitter divorce with Willie accusing Murray of public drunkenness and adultery. The divorce was final in 1956 and he later married Helen Shutt. Murray moved to Fort Worth, Texas, and worked for an oil well servicing company and later with a limousine service. Murray returned to Oklahoma City and formed a law partnership with Whit Pate in February 1960. He ran for Oklahoma State Treasurer in 1962, surprisingly finishing last in the four-man Democratic primary field with 77,881 votes (18.24%). He later worked as a consulting attorney for the Oklahoma Department of Welfare.


== Early life ==
Murray was born July 21, 1902, in the mansion of the Chickasaw Nation's Governor at Emet, Johnston County, Indian Territory. His mother, Mary Alice Hearrell, was one-eighth Chickasaw, Chief Johnston, for whom the boy was named, had employed the father, William H. Murray, as his legal advisor.  His early education was provided in the public schools of Tishomingo, Oklahoma.Johnston Murray married Marion Draughon of Sulphur, Oklahoma, in 1923 and had one child.


== Early career ==
After graduation from the Murray State School of Agriculture (now Murray State College) in 1924, he went to Bolivia where he lived for four years trying to make a success of his father's colonization expedition there. When he returned to Oklahoma, he worked in oil and gas fields, rising to the role of plant manager. Murray divorced Marion in 1929 and married Willie Roberta Emerson in 1933.


== Political career ==
Murray received his law degree from Oklahoma City University School of Law in 1947. He was chairman of the Oklahoma Electoral College in 1940 and a member of the Electoral College again in 1948.Before his election as governor, Murray served as Democratic chair of the Oklahoma Eighth Congressional District and as chair of local political groups in Kay and Oklahoma counties. He also served as chair of the Oklahoma Election Board and secretary of the Oklahoma Land Commission.


=== Governor of Oklahoma ===
Johnston Murray was elected Governor of Oklahoma in November 1950 and sworn into office on January 21, 1951. The oath of office was administered by his 81-year old father, "Alfalfa Bill" Murray. The two men were very much unlike. His main campaign theme was to reduce spending by the state government and reduce taxes. His program included continuing to consolidate schools to improve education (begun under his predecessor, Governor Roy J. Turner), changing the ad valorem tax to return more of the property taxes to local school districts, and expanding highway and toll road systems. He would have to attack some of the populist policies and programs that his father had pushed so hard for. The majority of legislators were not inclined to follow his lead. Moreover, he seemed to be an ordinary "nice guy," not irascible like his father, who often made legislators tremble at the thought of crossing him.
Johnston did have some successes that were noteworthy. He was elected Chairman of the Southern Governors Conference (the first Oklahoma governor to hold that position); he secured approval and funding of the Turner Turnpike and was instrumental in the purchasing of the Fairgrounds in Oklahoma City. He toured Central and South American countries on behalf of the United States Information Service in 1954, and served as chairman of the Interstate Oil Compact Commission. This governor had the distinction of vetoing forty bills in forty years, the highest number in forty years of Oklahoma politics.


== Johnston and Willie ==
The new first lady, Willie Murray, was noted as a concert pianist with charm and intelligence. Less well-known were her fire and ambition. Her first action after Johnston's inauguration was to open the governor's mansion to public visitors every Thursday. She welcomed up to 3,000 people, who lined up at the door every week. Johnson began to rebel against their differences as the term wore on. Willie complained that he drank too much. He replied that she was too bossy. According to one article, he exclaimed, "“Damn it, I got elected, not her.”The state constitution prevented the governor from succeeding himself when his term expired. Before the term was up, Willie announced that she would run for the office. The campaign was a farce. She became the first state-wide candidate ever to campaign for office by helicopter. One reporter wrote that the helicopter, "... was the only thing that got off the ground."After the 1954 election, Johnston filed for divorce. Willie fought back, asking for separate maintenance and alleging adultery and public drunkenness. The brawl went public, of course. He asked for another chance, she named another woman, and published letters from him declaring his intention to divorce. He called it all lies. Finally, the drama played out and the divorce was granted on the grounds of incompatibility. Willie got a $75,000 settlement, the family's home in Oklahoma City, a Ford automobile, and a movie of her gubernatorial campaign. Willie also got the last word, when Johnston announced that he had changed his political affiliation and supported Republican Dwight Eisenhower for President in 1956. Willie reportedly announced,  “He never has been much of a Democrat.”


== Death ==
Murray served as an attorney with the Oklahoma Department of Public Welfare until his death April 16, 1974. He is buried in Tishomingo, Oklahoma, where his father, William Murray is also buried.


== Notes ==


== References ==


== External links ==
"Johnston Murray". Oklahoma Governor. Find a Grave. September 14, 2004. Retrieved May 5, 2013.
National Governors Association
Oklahoma Historical Society





Willis Dance Miller (January 30, 1893 – December 20, 1960) was a Justice of the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia from 1947 until hours before his death in 1960.


== Early and family life ==
Miller was born in Powhatan County, Virginia to Thomas M. Miller (1846-1902), a Confederate veteran and judge for Powhatan and Cumberland Counties, and his wife Anne Harris Patteson (1857-1957). He attended public schools in Powhatan County, then Randolph Macon Academy in Bedford, graduating in 1909. Later, he attended Richmond College, Washington and Lee University and the University of Richmond School of Law, receiving his law degree in 1914.
Justice Miller was the fifth generation in the direct male line of lawyers in his family, and sired the sixth generation. He married the former Eliza Ingram (1893-1967) of Richmond in December 1919. The first Virginia lawyer in the family line, Thomas M. Miller, received his license to practice from George Wythe and John Randolph in 1763, during the time of the French and Indian War. The Justice's only child, also named Thomas M. Miller, was also a lawyer and had become a member of the State Corporation Commission shortly before his father's death. Miller's brother Thomas Royall Miller (1897-1980) played professional baseball for the Boston Braves.


== Career ==
After admission to the Virginia bar in 1914, Miller established a private legal practice in Richmond, where he practiced until 1935. He was reviser of the Richmond City Code in 1924. From 1925 to 1936, he was Assistant Commonwealth’s Attorney for the City of Richmond. In that position, he prosecuted all criminal cases arising on the south side of the James River. These cases were heard in the Manchester Courthouse. (As a result of the agreement by which the cities of Manchester and Richmond merged in 1910, the merged city of Richmond maintained two courthouses until 2007.)
With the endorsement of the bar of the City of Richmond (where he had served as president), he was selected by the Virginia General Assembly to serve as the judge of the Law and Equity Court of Richmond, succeeding Judge Robert N. Pollard, who had been appointed to the United States District Court. He rendered some 6000 decisions as judge of that court, and was reversed in only six.
In 1947, Governor William M. Tuck appointed Miller to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia, the first Richmond lawyer or judge to serve on the state's highest court for more than 100 years. Justice Miller's retirement took effect on December 20, 1960, a few hours before his death on the same day, such that his widow would receive a pension. Justice Miller received an honorary LL. D. from the University of Richmond in 1951.
Justice Miller's character had two aspects. One commentator appreciated his keen sense of humor and penetrating intellect, boundless energy, and "delightful drawl" when speaking. His supporters in the bar characterized him as a friendly and humble man who never looked down upon those who appeared before him, appreciating his surpassing integrity and an innate sense of right and wrong, and lauding his judicial work as guided by a philosophy of judicial restraint, deference to the legislature, and adherence to precedent. Courts should continue "to adhere to precedent whenever reasonably possible and until departure is demanded by most compelling causes", he told the Virginia Bar Association in a 1953 speech. "He wrote in a rugged and straightforward manner", and quickly recognized the right of a case, according to Chief Justice John Eggleston, with whom Justice Miller had served for 13 years on the Supreme Court.On the other hand, Justice Miller firmly believed in racial segregation, and despite Chief Justice Eggleston's entreaties, refused to join in the decision in Harrison v. Day, which overturned much of the Stanley plan of Massive Resistance to the U.S. Supreme Court's decisions in Brown v. Board of Education. Instead, Justice Miller sided with his mentor, now-Congressman Tuck, and U.S. Senator Harry F. Byrd, and contended that the U.S. Supreme Court had made Section 129 of the state Constitution(mandating maintenance of "efficient, free public schools") inoperative by the desegregation opinion invalidating Section 140. Other aspects of the Stanley Plan were found unconstitutional by a three judge panel on the same day, January 19, 1959 (Robert E. Lee's birthday, a state holiday in Virginia), and by the U.S. Supreme Court after Miller's death.


== Death and legacy ==
Justice Miller died in a Richmond hospital of a heart attack just hours after retiring from office, which allowed his surviving wife to receive a pension. Governor J. Lindsay Almond Jr. ordered Virginia's flags to fly at half mast in his honor. He was buried in Hollywood Cemetery (Richmond, Virginia) with other family members. Fairfax County Circuit Court Judge Harry Lee Carrico succeeded him on the Virginia Supreme Court and later become the longest-serving justice in that court's history.


== References ==


== Sources ==
Virginia State Bar Association Reports, volume 72, 1961 and Directory of American Judges, 1955, and Memorial to Justice Willis Dance Miller, 220 Va. cliii (April 17, 1961).





Learning environment can refer to an educational approach, cultural context, or physical setting in which teaching and learning occur. The term is commonly used as a more definitive alternative to "classroom", but it typically refers to the context of educational philosophy or knowledge experienced by the student and may also encompass a variety of learning cultures—its presiding ethos and characteristics, how individuals interact, governing structures, and philosophy. In a societal sense, learning environment may refer to the culture of the population it serves and of their location.  Learning environments are highly diverse in use, learning styles, organization, and educational institution.  The culture and context of a place or organization includes such factors as a way of thinking, behaving, or working, also known as organizational culture.   For a learning environment such as an educational institution, it also includes such factors as operational characteristics of the instructors, instructional group, or institution; the philosophy or knowledge experienced by the student and may also encompass a variety of learning cultures—its presiding ethos and characteristics, how individuals interact, governing structures, and philosophy. In a soearning styles and pedagogies used; and the societal culture of where the learning is occurring.


== History ==
The Japanese word for school, gakusen, means "learning garden" or "garden of learning".  The word school derives from Greek σχολή  (scholē), originally meaning "leisure" and also "that in which leisure is employed", but later "a group to whom lectures were given, school".  Kindergarten is a German whose literal meaning is "garden for the children", however the term was coined in the metaphorical sense of "place where children can grow in a natural way".
Direct instruction is perhaps civilization's oldest method of formal, structured education and continues to be a dominant form throughout the world.  In its essence it involves the transfer of information from one who is possesses more knowledge to one who has less knowledge, either in general or in relation to a particular subject or idea.  The Socratic method was developed over two millennia ago in response to direct instruction in the scholae of Ancient Greece.  Its dialectic, questioning form continues to be an important form of learning in western schools of law.  Hands-on learning, a form of active and experiential learning, predates language and the ability to convey knowledge by means other than demonstration, has been shown to be one of the more effective means of learning and over the past two decades has been given an increasingly important role in education.


== Operational characteristics ==
The operation of the educational facility can have a determining role of the nature of the learning environment.  Characteristics that can determine the nature of the learning environment include:

Organization type:  state or public school, independent school, parochial school;
Structure:  rigidly structured (military schools) to less structured (Sudbury school, Free school movement, Democratic education, Anarchistic free school, Modern Schools or Ferrer Schools;
Non-institutional: homeschooling, unschooling;
Schedule:   the length and timing of the academic year (e.g. year-round schooling), class and activity schedules, length of the class period, block scheduling;
Staffing:  the number of teachers, student-teacher ratio, single-teacher per room or co-teaching;
Attendance: compulsory student until a certain age or standard is achieved;
Teacher certification:  varying degrees of professional qualifications;
Assessment:  testing and standards provided by government directly or indirectly;
Partnerships and mentoring:  relationships between the learning environments and outside entities or individuals in general study or chosen fields;
Organizational model: departmental, integrated, academy, small school.
Curriculum:  the subjects comprising a course of study.


== Societal culture ==
"Culture" is generally defined as the beliefs, customs, arts, traditions and values of a society, group, place, or time.  This may include a school, community, a nation, or a state.  Culture affects the behavior of educators, students, staff, and community.  It often determines curriculum content.  A community's socioeconomic status directly influences its ability to support a learning institution; its ability to attract high caliber educators with appealing salaries; a safe, secure, and comfortable secure facility; and provide even basic needs for students, such as adequate nutrition, health care, adequate rest, and support at home for homework and obtaining adequate rest,


== Pedagogy and learning style ==

Several of the key trends in educational models throughout the 20th and early 21st century include progressive education, constructivist education, and 21st century skills-based education.  These can be provided in comprehensive or specialized schools in a variety of organizational models, including departmental, integrative, project-based, academy, small learning communities, and school-within-a-school.  Each of these can also be paired, at least in part, with design-based, virtual school, flipped classroom, and blended learning models.


=== Passive learning ===

Passive learning, a key feature of direct instruction, has at its core the dissemination of nearly all information and knowledge from a single source, the teacher with a textbook providing lessons in lecture-style format.  This model has also become known as the "sage on the stage".  A high degree of learning was by rote memorization.  When public education began to proliferate in Europe and North America from the early 19th century, a direct-instruction model became the standard and has continued into the 21st century. Education at the time was designed to provide workers for the emerging factory-based, industrial societies, and this educational model and organization of schools became known as the "factory model school", with curriculum, teaching style, and assessment heavily standardized and centered around the needs and efficiencies of classroom and teacher management.


=== Active learning ===
 
Active learning is a model of instruction that focuses the responsibility of learning on learners, not on teacher-led instruction, a model also termed student-centered. It is based on the premise that in order to learn, students must do more than just listen: they must read, write, discuss, or be engaged in solving problems. It relates to three learning domains referred to as knowledge, skills and attitudes (KSA) (Bloom, 1956), whereby students must engage in such higher-order thinking tasks as analysis, synthesis, and evaluation.  Active learning engages students in two aspects – doing things and thinking about the things they are doing (Bonwell and Eison, 1991).  (See Bloom's taxonomy).


==== Differentiated learning ====
Differentiated learning has developed from an awareness of the effectiveness of different learning styles which have emerged from late 20th/early 21st century neurological research and studies of the different learning styles.  As the impacts of the factory model school's design on learning became more apparent, together with the emerging need for different skills in the late 20th century, so too did the need for different educational styles and different configurations of the physical learning environments.  Direct instruction is now expanding to include students conducting independent or guided research with multiple sources of information, greater in-class discussion, group collaboration, experiential (hands-on, project-based, etc.), and other forms of active learning.  Direct instruction's "sage on the stage" role for teachers approach is being augmented or replaced by a "guide by the side" approach.
In instruction based on differentiation, the classroom teacher alters the delivery and content of instruction for students based on each student's learning profile, readiness level, and interests 


==== Progressive education ====
Progressive education is a pedagogical movement using many tenets of active learning that began in the late 19th century and has continued in various forms to the present. The term progressive was engaged to distinguish this education from the traditional Euro-American curricula of the 19th century, which was rooted in classical preparation for the university and strongly differentiated by social class. Progressive education is rooted in present experience.   Many progressive education programs include qualities such as learning by doing (hands-on projects, experiential learning, integrated curriculum, integration of entrepreneurship, problem solving, critical thinking, group work, social skills development, goals of understanding and action instead of rote knowledge, collaborative and cooperative learning projects, education for social responsibility and democracy, personalized education, integration of community service, subject content selection based on what future skills will be needed, de-emphasis on textbooks, lifelong learning, and assessment by evaluation of students' projects and productions.


==== Constructivist education ====
Constructivist education is a movement includes active learning, discovery learning, and knowledge building, and all versions promote a student's free exploration within a given framework or structure. The teacher acts as a facilitator who encourages students to discover principles for themselves and to construct knowledge by working answering open-ended questions and solving real-world problems. Montessori education is an example of a constructivist learning approach.


=== 21st century learning ===
  
A 21st century learning environment is a learning program, strategy, and specific content.  All are learner-centered and supported by or include the use of modern digital technologies. Many incorporate key components of active learning.
Blended learning is a learning program in which a student learns at least in part through delivery of content and instruction via digital and online media with greater student control over time, place, path, or pace than with traditional learning.
Personalized learning is an educational strategy that offers pedagogy, curriculum, and learning environments to meet the individual student's needs, learning preferences, and specific interests. It also encompasses differentiated instruction that supports student progress based on mastery of specific subjects or skills.21st century skills are a series of higher-order skills, abilities, and learning dispositions that have been identified as being required content and outcomes for success in 21st century society and workplaces by educators, business leaders, academics, and governmental agencies.  These skills include core subjects (The three Rs), 21st century content, collaboration, communication, creativity, critical thinking, information and communication technologies (ICT) literacy, life skills, and 21st century assessments.
Digital literacy is becoming critical to successful learning, for mobile and personal technology is transforming learning environments and workplaces alike.  It allows learning—including research, collaboration, creating, writing, production, and presentation—to occur almost anywhere.  Its robust tools support creativity of thought—through collaboration, generation, and production that does not require manual dexterity.  It fosters personalization of learning spaces by teachers and students, which both supports the learning activity directly as well as indirectly through providing a greater feeling of ownership and relevancy.


== Organizational models ==

Learning environments are frequently organized into six pedagogical and physical models:

Departmental model
Integrative model
Project based learning model
Academy model
Small learning communities model
School-within-a-school model


== See also ==
Association for Learning Environments
Cooperative education
Cooperative learning
Home schooling
Learning space
Phenomenon-based learning
Practice-based professional learning
Service-learning
Thematic learning
Work-based learning


== References ==

Powell, S.R. & Driver, M.K. (2013). Working with exceptional students: An introduction to special education. San Diego, CA: Bridgepoint Education, Inc.


== External links ==
Learning Spaces, Educause
Educating the Net Generation, Educause
Classroom Design - Literature Review, Lawson Reed Wulsin Jr.
Learning Spaces Collaboratory
"Mixed Reality Environments as Collaborative and Constructive Learning Spaces for Elementary School Children"





Fourilles is a commune in the Allier department in central France.


== Geography ==
The river Bouble flows northeast through the northern part of the commune.


== Population ==


== See also ==
Communes of the Allier department


== References ==
INSEE





Yevgeny Ilyich Ostashev (Russian: Евгений Ильич Осташев), 22 March 1924 – 24 October 1960, was the test pilot of rocket and space complexes, participant in the launch of the first artificial Earth satellite, head of the 1st control polygon NIIP-5 (Baikonur), Lenin prize winner, Candidate of Technical Sciences, engineer-podpolkovnik.


== Biography ==
Born 22 March 1924 in the village Maly Vasilyev, Noginsky District, Moscow Oblast, USSR. Mother - Ostasheva (nee Гирусова) Serafima Vasilievna, 1888 birth. Father - Ostashev Ilya Vasilevich, 1881 birth. In 1941 he entered the MAI them. S. Ordzhonikidze, evacuated together with the Institute in Alma-Ata refused. Got a turner at one of the Moscow factories. The army was called in the spring of 1942, became a cadet of the Leningrad artillery school. Released after six months of study in the rank of Unterleutnant, is aimed at Stalingrad front commander of a platoon of communication in a mortar regiment.
He fought as part of the unit which was part of the 1st Ukrainian front  under the command of the Century V.I. Chuikov. The commander of the mortar platoon took part in the Korsun-Shevchenko operation, in the battles on the Dniester, near Vitebsk was part of the 1st Belorussian front. In the operation to take Berlin participated as a commander of a mortar company. At the end of the war remained in the occupation of Germany. 
In 1949 he entered the 6th Department of the Artillery Academy named after F. E. Dzerzhinsky on a speciality «missiles». In the spring of 1955 graduated with honors, from the proposals remain in the graduate refused. Was appointed Deputy chief of the Department of complex tests of rockets R-7 (11-th Department) to the landfill NIIP-5 of the Ministry of defense  of the USSR.
He passed training at the industrial enterprises and 4 STP, the NIIP-5 arrived trained specialist. In 11-th division headed the Department of tests management system (SU), automatics missiles knew not worse developers from OKB-1  and NII-885. Since the launch of the first satellite, was the «firing» of the military test polygon. In March 1960 he was appointed the first chief formed the 1st control NIIP-5 (military unit 44275) for testing and operation of rockets R-7, R-9  on low-boiling propellant components.


== Death ==

 
Ostashev died on 24 October 1960 in Baikonur  at explosion of the missile R-16 during its preparation for the test launch on 41 site [1] landfill. Tests of the R-16 engaged in the 2nd control NIIP-5, and Yevgeny Ilyich established in connection with failure of the rocket situation tried to provide assistance to their colleagues. Total killed 78 people. The incident was strictly classified (only in 1995 materials about the tragedy became available to all), it was officially announced about the death of only Chief Marshal of Artillery Nedelin, in a plane crash. From the memoirs younger brother Ostasheva the Arcadia Ilyich:

"...10 days before the death of Yevgeny I was at head of the polygon, the commander of the NIIP-5 Konstantin Vasilyevich Gerchik. He informed me that the order came on early assignment Eugene next rank of Colonel. Decided to tell him about it at the solemn meeting in honor of the 7 November. And before that, Eugene announced that he was appointed Deputy Director of NIIP-5 on scientific work instead A.I. Nosova, serving on service in Moscow..." (RGANTD. F. 33 op. 1 deeds 338 )

Buried in Baikonur in a mass grave   of victims of explosion of an Intercontinental ballistic missile R-16.


== Awards ==
 Lenin Prize
 Order of the Patriotic War 1st class
 Order of the Patriotic War 2nd class
 Order of the Red Star
 Medal for Battle Merit
Medal "For the Victory over Germany in the Great Patriotic War 1941–1945"
 Medal "For the Capture of Berlin"
Medal "For the Liberation of Warsaw"
 Jubilee Medal "30 Years of the Soviet Army and Navy"
 Jubilee Medal "40 Years of the Armed Forces of the USSR"
 order of courage (posthumous)
Other medals.


== Memory ==
Name Ostasheva is one of the streets  [2] of Baikonur. The decree of the Head of the city administration, Baikonur (city) № 183 of 30 May 2001 E. I. Ostashevu awarded the title of «Honorary citizen of the city of Baikonur» [3]. In Elektrougli Noginsk district of Moscow region in the regional Museum there is a booth dedicated to the brothers Осташевым. On the house number 17  in the village of Small Vasilyev, where they lived in childhood brothers Осташевы, a memorial plaque. In the city Park city Elektrougli a memorial plate to the head of test management Baikonur - Ostashev E. I.   In the Museum of the strategic missile forces in Vlasikha, Moscow hosted the exhibition is devoted to E. I. Ostaszewo in the sections on world war II and the development of space industry in the country.


== References ==


== Literature ==

J. K. Golovanov, M., "Korolev: Facts and myths", Nauka, 1994, ISBN 5-02-000822-2
"Rockets and people" – B. E. Chertok, M: "mechanical engineering", 1999. ISBN 5-217-02942-0 (in Russian);
«A breakthrough in space» - Konstantin Vasilyevich Gerchik, M: LLC "Veles", 1994, ISBN 5-87955-001-X
«At risk,» - A. A. Toul, Kaluga, "the Golden path", 2001, ISBN 5-7111-0333-1
"People duty and honor" – A. A. Shmelev, the second book. M: Editorial Board "Moscow journal", 1998.
"Testing of rocket and space technology - the business of my life" Events and facts - A.I. Ostashev, Korolyov, 2001.[4]
"Baikonur. Korolev. Yangel." - M. I. Kuznetsk, Voronezh: IPF "Voronezh", 1997, ISBN 5-89981-117-X
A.I. Ostashev, Sergey Pavlovich Korolyov - The Genius of the 20th Century — 2010 M. of Public Educational Institution of Higher Professional Training MGUL ISBN 978-5-8135-0510-2.
"Look back and look ahead. Notes of a military engineer" - Rjazhsky A. A., 2004, SC. first, the publishing house of the "Heroes of the Fatherland" ISBN 5-91017-018-X.
"Unknown Baikonur" - edited by B. I. Posysaeva, M.: "globe", 2001. ISBN 5-8155-0051-8
"Rocket and space feat Baikonur" - Vladimir Порошков, the "Patriot" publishers 2007. ISBN 5-7030-0969-3
"Bank of the Universe" - edited by Boltenko A. C., Kiev, 2014., publishing house "Phoenix", ISBN 978-966-136-169-9
"Nesterenko" series Lives of great people - Authors: Gregory Sukhina A., Ivkin, Vladimir Ivanovich, publishing house "Young guard" in 2015, ISBN 978-5-235-03801-1
"To stand on the way to space"  - Author: Valentin Lebedev, M: publisher ITRK in 2016, ISBN 978-5-88010-400-0
"We grew hearts in Baikonur" - Author: Eliseev V. I. M: publisher OAO MPK in 2018, ISBN 978-5-8493-0415-1


== External links ==
Bondarev Yu. F. Memories of service at Baikonur (Rus.). Of. the website of Roskosmos. Archived.
The Baikonur cosmodrome (Rus.). The Site "Baikonur-Info". Archived.
A. Zheleznyakov. Baikonurskaya tragedy.  Archived.  Archived.
Harford, James. Korolev – How One Man Masterminded the Soviet Drive to Beat America to the Moon. John Wiley & Sons, Inc., New York, 1997. pp 119–120. ISBN 0-471-14853-9
"Red Moon Rising: Sputnik and the Hidden Rivalries that Ignited the Space Age", - Matthew Brzezinski, Henry Holt and Company, 2008 г. ISBN 080508858X
Ostashev E.I. on page «Cosmic memorial» (in Russian)
Strategic rocket forces. Reference. History. (in Russian)
Electronic newspaper Elektrougli
Calendar Encyclopedia of cosmonautics A. Zheleznyakov.(in Russian)
Brothers Ostashev from Elektrougli // "news Agency suburbs" (in Russian)
the official website of the city administration Baikonur - Honorary citizens of Baikonur
Day when not start missiles. Part one on YouTube
Day when not start missiles. Part two on YouTube
Photo of pokoritelya space
Look back and look ahead
Open Space. 2 series on YouTube
Yevgeny Ostashev //Family history (in Russian)
E. I. Ostashev electronic memorial
Baikonur tragedy// Encyclopedia Of "Space". (in Russian)
Nedelin Disaster // RussianSpaceWeb.com (in English)
Video Cosmos (in English)
Information and law portal-OFFICERS of RUSSIA//Memorial day missile (in Russian)
The website of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation//Yevgeny Ostashev (in Russian)
The newspaper Moskovsky Komsomolets  // The disaster at Baikonur (in Russian)
Lenta.ru // Spetsproekt Win.
The Russian Union Of Veterans // Day of memory and grief.(in Russian)
The official website of the city administration Baikonur // Baikonur commemorated a test rocket and space technology.(in Russian)
Space feat Eugene Ostasheva//Newspaper "ELEKTROUGLI DAY by DAY" 12/04/2011.(in Russian)
Military community // 24 October, the Day of remembrance of the victims of the missile.(in Russian)
For the 50th anniversary of the flight of Yuri Gagarin //Press note No. 3 |Jan – APR| 2011. (in Russian)





Bilel El Hamzaoui Bakna (born 1 April 1992) is a French professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for UL Dunkerque . He made his professional debut for Angers in the 2–0 win against Metz on 20 December 2011, coming on as a substitute for Claudiu Keserü. During the 2012–13 season, he had a loan spell with Le Poiré-sur-Vie.


== Personal life ==
El Hamzaoui was born in France and is of Moroccan descent.


== References ==


== External links ==
Bilel El Hamzaoui – French league stats at LFP
Bilel El Hamzaoui at FootballDatabase.eu
Bilel El Hamzaoui at Soccerway





Jean-François Leroy (French pronunciation: ​[ʒɑ̃ fʁɑ̃swa ləʁwa]; 24 November 1729 - 1791) was a French architect. For the Prince of Condé, he worked on the Château of Chantilly, the Palais Bourbon, and the Hôtel de Lassay, where he replaced Claude Billard de Bélisard in 1780.


== Biography ==
Leroy was born in Chantilly, the son of Jean-Jacques Leroy, building inspector of the Prince of Condé, and Mary-Anne Dunu, daughter of the superintendent of the Château de Chantilly. He entered the service of the prince, following his father. In 1761, he married Toudouze Françoise-Thérèse, daughter of the prince's master of the hunt. He was appointed architect of the Château de Chantilly in 1768, upon the death of his predecessor, Brice Le Chauve.
In Chantilly, he built the Château d'Enghien (1769–1770) and the Hameau de Chantilly (1774–1775).
He worked with Claude Billard de Bélisard on the Palais Bourbon and the Hôtel de Lassay, and then succeeded him in about 1780. In 1782 he revised Bélisard's plan for the Place du Palais Bourbon.
With the landscaper Lecourt, he created the picturesque gardens of Betz-en-Multien for the Princess of Monaco, mistress of the Prince of Condé; all that remains is a prostyle Ionic temple of Love.


== References ==


=== Sources ===
Michel Gallet, Les architectes parisiens du XVIIIe siècle, Paris, Éditions Mengès, 1995. ISBN 2-85620-370-1
Gustave Macon, Les Arts dans la maison de Condé, Librairie de l’Art Ancien et Moderne, Paris  1903, (p. 98)
C.-M. Dugas, "Une dynastie d'architectes, les Leroy", Bulletin de la Société d'histoire et d'archéologie de Senlis, 1959.





Książenice (German: Knizenitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwionka-Leszczyny, within Rybnik County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
The village has an area of 16.42 km2 and a population of 2,466.


== References ==





Geneviève Gabrielle Grad (born 5 July 1944) is a French actress. She played Nicole Cruchot, the daughter of Marshal Ludovic Cruchot (Louis de Funès) in the first three films of the Gendarme of Saint-Tropez series from 1964 to 1968. She has, among others, played in two films with Paul Guers as his partner: Flash Love (1972) and Libertés sexuelles (1977). She has also appeared in several made for TV films and TV series in the 1960s and 1970s. She had a son with Igor Bogdanoff. She has been married to Jean René André Yvon Guillaume since March 19, 1993. She lives in Vendôme in the Loir-et-Cher.


== Filmography ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Geneviève Grad on IMDb 
(in French) Template:Allociné nom
(in French) Biosstars






== Life ==
Gertrud Dahlgren (1931–2009) was a Swedish botanist. She was born at Klippan in Scania, and after graduating from university at Helsingborg went to the University of Lund for graduate studies. There she obtained her M.Sc. in chemistry and biology. She was married to fellow botanist Rolf Dahlgren (1932–1987), who was killed in a car accident. The couple had three children, Susanna, Helena and Fredrik. She died in December 2009 at the age of 78.


== Career ==
At Lund, Gertrud Dahlgren pursued studies in systematic botany. Henning Weimarck, who held the chair in Systematic Botany, had initiated a new line of research in the mid-1950s, the field of biosystematics, which was to become Gertrud Dahlgren's chosen field, and to receive international attention. She achieved her Ph.D. in 1967 for her work on the genus Sanguisorba, and in particular two Swedish species, S. officinalis and S. minor. She was appointed to the position of Associate professor at Lund, and continued her work in biostematics, with especial interest in Ranunculus and Erodium, and editing a textbook on systematic botany, which was later translated into German. In 1979 she was appointed head of the department of Systematic Botany at Lund, a position she held till 1987 when, following the death of her husband, she turned to continuing his work on angiosperm taxonomy. In 1992 she was elected to the Kungliga Fysiografiska Sällskapet i Lund (Royal Physiographic Society in Lund).


== Selected publications ==
Dahlgren, Gertrud; Cronberg, Nils (1996). "Species differentiation and relationships in Ranunculus subgenus Batrachium (Ranunculaceae) elucidated by isozyme electrophoresis". Symbolae Botanicae Upsaliensis. 31 (3): 91–104.
Dahlgren, Gertrud, ed. (1976). Systematisk botanik [Systematische Botanik] (2nd ed.). Lund: LiberLäromedel. ISBN 9140039668.
Dahlgren, Gertrud (July 1989). "An updated angiosperm classification". Botanical Journal of the Linnean Society. 100 (3): 197–203. doi:10.1111/j.1095-8339.1989.tb01717.x.
1989. The last Dahlgrenogram: System of classification of the dicotyledons. pp. 249–260, in K. Tan, R. R. Mill & T. S. Elias (eds.), Plant taxonomy, phytogeography and related subjects. Edinburgh University Press, Edinburgh.
1991. Steps toward a natural system of the Dicotyledons: Embryological characters. Aliso 13: 107-165.


== References ==


== Bibliography ==





The Orient Hospital (Arabic: مستشفى الشرق‎) was a Lebanese non-profit hospital located in Beirut and maintained for the care of low-income patients. It was founded in 1947 by Dr. Sami Ibrahim Haddad, a well-known physician and historian of medicine.


== Location and description ==
The 54-bed hospital overlooked Saint George Bay in Beirut. The main structure was a renovated five-story building with a newly built annex for nurses. The ground floor consisted of admissions, a reception hall enclosed by consultation offices, a medical laboratory and an OPD. The second floor was devoted to surgical beds and the third floor housed the medical patients. The fourth floor consisted of a single operating theater and its sterilizing equipment as well as an adjacent 50-seat lecture hall. The fifth floor, surrounded by a terrace, served as living quarters for interns.
The hospital had four departments, urology and urosurgery, neuro-surgery, obstetrics and radiology. External specialists were allowed to admit and operate upon their patients at the hospital.
It also had a superlative library containing a great number of manuscripts on a wide range of subjects such as Arabic medicine, biology, religion, numismatics, history, literature and Arabic geometry and astronomy. The collection, including the Annual Reports of the Orient Hospital, is now in the Sami Ibrahim Haddad Memorial Library.


== Final years ==
The hospital was run and administered by its founder, Sami Ibrahim Haddad, until his death in 1957 and then by his sons, Dr. Farid Sami Haddad and Dr. Fuad Sami Haddad. The Orient Hospital closed its doors in 1976, at the beginning of the Lebanese Civil War. It was later demolished by its owners to prevent gunmen occupying it, as it was in the heavily fought over area of downtown Beirut.


== External links ==
American College of Surgeons History Article





The Dancing England Rapper Tournament (DERT)  is a continuation of the most significant rapper sword dance competitions that were held in Newcastle upon Tyne, the centre of the coalfields where the dance originated. The modern annual weekend event, held at different venues in the UK, brings together rapper teams and sword dancers from around the country and occasionally abroad.
While the element of competition is important, the social aspects are just as fierce. The essential idea behind the tournament was then and is now that teams have to practise well and develop their skills, giving their performance a damn good polish and their audiences a real rapper treat.


== Historical Background ==
The Newcastle Tournament of Music and Art, which included a Traditional Short Sword or Rapper competition for seniors and juniors, was held annually in the City Hall and other prestigious venues around the city.  This Event was known later as the North of England Musical Tournament which began in 1919,  just after the Great War until the early Fifties.
The event consisted of many musical and performance classes held over most of a week, but it was the Saturday Rapper competition that drew the most crowds. So prestigious was the Rapper, that judges were imported from the newly formed, London-based, English Folk Dance Society, founded and directed by the great folk song and dance collector, Cecil Sharp.
The pit villages where the dance was "invented" were known for their tight knit communities and fierce independence, and they sent their best teams along. The City Hall was packed and the press were ready to lionise the winners. The dances were honed to sharpness, the kit was impressive, the music was described as 'first class' and the pride of the Durham and Northumberland Miner was there to be seen. The pace quickened as first the Juniors, then a few women's and girls' teams and then finally the men competed for the Cowen Trophy, medals and glory.
In the early days, papers such as the Evening Chronicle and the Northern Echo had banner headlines of the results giving fame and pride to the village of the Trophy winners. Whichever team won was copied. Stepping patterns, new tunes and of course the best figures and movements were stolen or borrowed. Rivalry was high with reported fights backstage and around town. Stories are whispered of musician and dancer nobbling before and after the competition.
The modern event is not quite so cutthroat, but cameras, recorders and videos and a few free pints of beer have been part of a sword team's armoury for a while. Other competitions have been and gone, such as Darlington, Durham and Sunderland. But DERT remains the biggest and best.


== The Modern DERT Competition ==
The modern DERT competition has its origins in an event which took place during the Dancing England Event of traditional English dancing which was held in the Assembly Rooms in Derby between 1979 and 1987.  A rapper competition known as the Dancing England Rapper Tournament (DERT) took place on the afternoon prior to the evening performance.
Following the sad demise of Dancing England, the rapper sword competition continued under the name "DERT".
The competition travels around the country and is organised by a different rapper team every year with support provided by previous DERT organisers, the wider rapper community and the Sword Dance Union. In most years it is an international competition, with past entries from teams from the U.K, United States, Denmark, Canada and Norway. Between 25 and 30 teams compete for prizes, accolades and bragging rights for the following year. Entries are divided into three divisions; Premier, Championship and Open with potential promotions and demotions occurring depending on how the teams dance. Musicians compete for the Angela Lee Trophy. The Tommy and Betty characters employed by most of the sword dance teams are also subject to the judge's scrutiny.
The competition takes place in  pubs in the host city with teams dancing in front of two judges. The judges are tasked with grading the teams on their sword handling skills, teamwork, stepping and creation of 'Buzz factor'. There's also a Spotlight dance in front of four judges in a quieter environment where accuracy and teamwork become very important. There is a Traditional competition, where teams must perform a traditional dance as notated in three defined publications. Veteran dancers are also encouraged to compete for the Adrienne Moss Trophy, a carved wooden sculpture of walking sticks. Those teams who's main dance tradition is not rapper can also compete for the SDU's Rapper As A Foreign language Prize
The future of DERT and rapper sword dancing is also catered for, with a competition called DERTy. This section is divided into Youth and Junior sections with dancers practicing and then performing in front of a judging panel. 
DERT finishes with a Showcase event where all teams dance on stage in front of each other and the various prizes and awards are given. The overall winner of DERT receives the Steve Marris Trophy, which recognises the massive contribution made by Steve to the rapper sword community. For many years he was the UK's only manufacturer of rapper swords; without him, rapper sword dancing as a traditional dance form would have been in very serious danger of dying out. Currently there are two rapper and longsword manufacturers keeping the tradition alive, Jimmie Killner in Hampshire and Frank Lee in Brampton, Cumbria.


== Other Rapper Competitions ==
The North East Rapper Championship was devised by folklorist Peter Kennedy when he worked for the EFDSS in Newcastle. It was meant to revive the flagging competitions of the dying Newcastle Tournament and it had its first event in Hexham in 1949, where Royal Earsdon were the winners. Over the next few years it was held in various places in the North East, Royal Earsdon were invariably the winners until the competition ceased in 1956. 
This competition has also had a revival and in 2011, the Newcastle Kingsmen won a new Trophy in Washington, Co. Durham. Other winners have been High Spen, Sallyport, and Star and Shadow. Venues have been Hexham, and the Sage and St Mary's in Gateshead.  In January 2018, the N.E Championship with an extra Traditional class was held in the Cumberland Arms, Byker, in Newcastle.


== Where, When, and Who Won? ==
The most recent DERT competitions took place in Newcastle 2019, Sheffield 2018, Kendal in 2017, and Manchester in 2016. The 2020 event takes place in Lincoln and will be hosted by Whip the Cat.
Details of the locations and dates of recent DERT competitions are given below.


== References ==





Hitoshi Ashinano (芦奈野ひとし, Ashinano Hitoshi, born April 25, 1963) is a Japanese manga artist. He is most noted for Yokohama Kaidashi Kikō, for which he won the 2007 Seiun Award for Best Science Fiction Manga. Another notable work is PositioN. Prior to his debut, Ashinano worked as an assistant to manga artist Kōsuke Fujishima.


== Works ==
Kotonoba Drive (コトノバドライブ, Kotonoba Doraibu) (2014-2017)
Isaki of the Cub (カブのイサキ, Kabu no Isaki) (2007-2013, Afternoon)
Kumabachi no koto (February 2007, Afternoon)
Misaki (July 2006, Afternoon)
PositioN (1999-2001, Afternoon Season Zōkan and Bessatsu Morning)
Turbo Type S (2006, tribute manga for E no Moto)
Yokohama Kaidashi Kikō (1994–2006, Afternoon)


== References ==





Mirai Aileen Nagasu (長洲 未来, Nagasu Mirai, born April 16, 1993) is an American figure skater. She is a three-time Four Continents medalist (silver in 2016, bronze in 2011 and 2017), the 2007 JGP Final champion, a two-time World Junior medalist (silver in 2007, bronze in 2008), and a seven-time U.S. national medalist (gold in 2008, silver in 2010 and 2018, bronze in 2011 and 2014, pewter in 2016 and 2017).
In 2008, Nagasu became the youngest woman since Tara Lipinski in 1997 to win the U.S. senior ladies' title, and the second-youngest in history. She is the first lady since Joan Tozzer in 1937 and 1938 to win the junior and senior national titles in consecutive years. Nagasu represented the United States at the 2010 Winter Olympics at the age of 16 and placed 4th in the ladies' event. During her free skate in the team event at the 2018 Olympics, she became the first American female figure skater to land a triple axel at the Olympics, and the third woman from any country to do so.


== Personal life ==
Mirai Aileen Nagasu was born in Montebello, Los Angeles County, California and raised in Arcadia, California. Her parents own Restaurant Kiyosuzu, a Japanese sushi restaurant in Arcadia. They are immigrants from Japan and their daughter had dual citizenship but was required by Japanese law to relinquish it before her 22nd birthday, so she chose U.S. citizenship. Nagasu speaks a mixture of Japanese and English at home with her parents. Her mother, Ikuko, was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in the fall of 2009. Mirai (未来) means "future" in Japanese, while her last name is written as 長洲 in kanji.Nagasu graduated from Foothills Middle School in the spring of 2007 and entered Arcadia High School in the fall of 2007. In 2009, she began attending an online high school. She graduated from the Capistrano Connections Academy in June 2011 and was accepted into the University of California, Irvine but said the commute was not feasible. Around 2015, she enrolled at the University of Colorado Colorado Springs and has taken courses in the business field. During the 2015–16 NHL season, Nagasu worked for the Colorado Avalanche as an ice girl and worked as a franchise ambassador at events in the Greater Denver such as learn to skate programs.


== Skating career ==


=== Early career ===
Nagasu began skating at age five. She admires Yuna Kim, Michelle Kwan and Mao Asada.In the 2002–03 season, she competed on the juvenile level. She placed fifth at the Southwest Pacific Regional Championships.In the 2003–04 season, Nagasu moved up to the intermediate level. She placed fourth at the Southwest Pacific Regional Championships. She competed at the 2004 U.S. Junior Championships, the national-level championships for Juvenile and Intermediate skaters. She placed eighth in her qualifying group and did not advance to the short program. In the 2004–05 season, she remained on the intermediate level. She won the Southwest Pacific Regional Championships. At the 2005 U.S. Junior Championships, she placed 11th in her qualifying group and did not advance to the short program.For the 2005–06 season, Nagasu advanced to the novice level, the lowest level that competes at the U.S. Championships. Skaters qualify for Nationals by placing in the top four at regionals and then going on to place in the top four at Sectionals. At the Southwest Pacific Regional Championships, the first step to qualifying for Nationals, Nagasu placed fifth. She did not advance to Sectionals.
Nagasu was coached by Sandy Gollihugh for most of her early career. She changed her coach to Charlene Wong in October 2006. During this period, Wong was her primary coach. Nagasu's secondary coaches included Sashi Kuchiki, Sondra Holmes, Bob Paul, and Jim Yorke, with whom she worked on a once a week basis to refine various details of her skating.


=== 2006–07 season: Silver at Junior Worlds ===
In the 2006–07 season, Nagasu moved up to the junior level. She won the Southwest Pacific Regional Championships and advanced to win the Pacific Coast Sectional Championships. This win at Sectionals qualified her for the U.S. Figure Skating Championships, which would be her first time competing at the event and only her second national-level competition.At the U.S. Nationals, Nagasu won the Junior level short program 0.39 ahead of second-place finisher Caroline Zhang, who came to the event as the reigning Junior Grand Prix Final champion and the heavy favorite. After placing first in the free skate by a margin of 3.19 points over Zhang, Nagasu won the overall title with a combined score of 155.46.At the Junior Worlds Nagasu skated in the first half of the ladies' short program due to her lack of international skating experience which meant she had no ISU Personal Best on record. Ranked second behind Zhang in both segments of the competition (-1.95 points in the short, -3.46 points in the free), she won the silver medal with a total score 5.41 points less than champion Zhang and 6.69 points greater than bronze medalist Ashley Wagner. Zhang, Nagasu, and Wagner constituted the first ever sweep by the United States of the World Junior ladies' podium.


=== 2007–08 season: Senior national title ===

For the 2007–08 season, Nagasu moved up to the senior level nationally, but remained junior internationally. At the 2007–08 ISU Junior Grand Prix event in Lake Placid, New York, the first Junior Grand Prix competition of her career, Nagasu won both the short and free programs to win the gold medal with a 26.47-point lead over silver medalist Alexe Gilles. Similarly at her second event, the Junior Grand Prix event in Zagreb, Croatia, Nagasu won both the short and free programs to win the event with an 11.08-point lead over silver medalist Jenni Vähämaa. These two wins qualified her for the Junior Grand Prix Final.

In the fall of 2007, after winning her two JGP events, Nagasu took part in the International Counter Match "made for television" event in Japan, competing as part of Team USA against Team Japan. At the 2007–08 Junior Grand Prix Final in Gdańsk, Poland, she won the short program by a margin of 4.72 points over the second-place finisher, Yuki Nishino. In the free skate, Nagasu placed second by 4.81 points behind Rachael Flatt. Nagasu won the title overall by 2.43 points ahead of silver medalist Flatt.

Skating as a senior, Nagasu won the short program at U.S. Nationals, 5.08 points ahead of second-place finisher Ashley Wagner. During the program, Nagasu landed a triple lutz-triple toe loop combination for the first time in competition. She placed third in the free skate, 5.64 points behind Rachael Flatt and 3.23 points behind Wagner, and finished first overall by a margin of 1.68 over silver medalist Flatt. Nagasu became the first skater to win back-to-back U.S. junior and senior ladies' titles since Joan Tozzer in 1937 and 1938. She also became the second-youngest American senior ladies' champion in history, after Tara Lipinski.

Although now a senior national champion, Nagasu did not meet the International Skating Union's age criteria to compete at the World Championships. Of the four top finishers at the 2008 U.S. Championships, only Ashley Wagner was old enough to compete at senior Worlds, with the other medalists sent to Junior Worlds in Sofia. In Bulgaria, Nagasu outscored Zhang by 2.47 points in the short program. She placed third in the free skate, 14.21 points behind Flatt and 11.42 points behind Zhang. For the second year in a row, Nagasu was part of an American sweep of the podium, winning the bronze medal 8.95 points behind silver medalist Zhang, and 9.30 behind Flatt, who took the gold.During the off-season, she toured in Japan. She was a recipient of a Michael Weiss Foundation scholarship, which is for young American figure skaters.


=== 2008–09 season: Senior international debut ===

For the 2008–09 season, Nagasu moved up to the senior level internationally. She had injured her ankle and had had a significant growth spurt. In her senior Grand Prix debut, Nagasu placed fifth at the 2008 Skate America. At the 2008 NHK Trophy, Nagasu finished in eighth place.
At the U.S. Nationals in January, Nagasu finished fifth overall after a free skate that included two downgraded triple flip jumps.Nagasu was selected to compete at the 2009 World Junior Championships but decided not to participate due to a foot injury. She worked as a television commentator in Japanese for Fuji TV during the 2009 World Championships, which were held in Los Angeles.In May 2009, Nagasu changed her coach to Frank Carroll. She also worked with ballet coach Galina Barinova.


=== 2009–10 season ===
For the 2009–10 season, Nagasu was assigned to the 2009 Cup of China and the 2009 Skate Canada International Grand Prix events. She won the short program at the 2009 Cup of China, but placed sixth in the free skate to finish fifth overall. A few weeks later she competed at the 2009 Skate Canada, where she finished fourth.
In January 2010, Nagasu competed at U.S. Nationals, where she placed first in the short program with a score 70.06 points. She placed third in the free skate, winning the silver medal behind Rachael Flatt. Following the event, she was nominated to represent the United States at the 2010 Winter Olympics and was also selected to compete at the World Championships along with Flatt.During the 2010 Winter Olympics, she placed sixth in the short program. She placed fifth in the free skate and fourth overall, earning new personal bests for the free skate score and combined total. At Worlds, Nagasu led the short program with a personal best score of 70.40 points, positioned ahead of Mao Asada by 2.32 points. Ranked eleventh in the free skate, she finished in seventh place overall.
During the off-season, she toured in the show Stars on Ice.


=== 2010–11 season: Bronze at Four Continents ===

A stress fracture kept Nagasu out of training for a month during the summer. She returned to practice in September 2010. Nagasu started her 2010–11 Grand Prix season finishing fourth at the 2010 Cup of China. At the 2010 Trophée Eric Bompard, she placed second in the short program. In the free skate, Nagasu had trouble on her layback spin. She still earned enough points to win the free skate, scoring 109.07, and won the silver overall, her first senior Grand Prix medal. If she had executed the spin correctly, she would have won the gold.At U.S. Nationals, Nagasu was in first place after the short program with a small lead. In the long program, she received zero points for a botched flying sit spin and finished third overall to win the bronze medal. Nagasu was assigned to the 2011 Four Continents, where she won the bronze medal with an overall score of 189.46. She was the first alternate to the 2011 World Championships but did not compete despite Rachael Flatt being injured.Looking back on the season, Nagasu said, "Getting my body back into shape [after the injury] was tough. I really did not get back into shape until Four Continents, where I did the best I could." Focus had also been an issue; "She was thinking of some things that didn't go so well before or something that was coming up -- all kinds of different thoughts instead of getting out there and doing each thing that was coming along and just doing the program", according to Carroll.


=== 2011–12 season ===
Nagasu began the 2011–12 season at the Nebelhorn Trophy, where she won her first senior international title. At her 2011–12 Grand Prix assignments, Nagasu came in fifth at the 2011 Skate Canada International and won the silver medal at the 2011 Cup of China.
Nagasu finished seventh at the 2012 U.S. National Championships. At the time, she was coached several days a week by Frank Carroll in Cathedral City, California (near Palm Springs), and also worked with Rafael Arutyunyan in Lake Arrowhead, with Galina Barinova in Artesia, and on her own in Pasadena.In April 2012, Nagasu ended her collaboration with Carroll because of the distance to the training location. Carroll said: "The two-hour drive each way was too much. She was exhausted by the time she got here." She decided to be coached by Wendy Olson and Amy Evidente at the Pickwick Ice rink in Burbank, California, which was a short drive from her home.


=== 2012–13 season ===
In the 2012–13 season, Nagasu won the bronze medal at the 2012 Finlandia Trophy. At the 2012 Cup of China, she placed third in the short program after she under-rotated her triple-triple combination. In the free skate, she had several under-rotated jumps and placed fourth in that segment, finishing fourth overall. Nagasu had the opportunity to compete at the 2012 NHK Trophy after Alissa Czisny withdrew. She won the bronze medal at the event.
Nagasu had the flu before the U.S. Nationals. She finished seventh overall after under-rotating multiple jumps in her long program.Nagasu was listed as the alternate to the 2013 ISU World Team Trophy.


=== 2013–14 season ===
Nagasu began the 2013–14 season at the 2013 Finlandia Trophy, finishing fourth. She was eighth at her first Grand Prix event, the 2013 NHK Trophy. At the 2013 Rostelecom Cup, she placed fourth in the short program, third in the free skate, and won the bronze medal.
After the Rostelecom Cup, Nagasu parted ways with her coaches Wendy Olson and Amy Evidente and started training in  Okayama, Japan where Takashi Mura became her coach.Nagasu won the bronze medal at the 2014 U.S. Championships behind gold medalist Gracie Gold and silver medalist Polina Edmunds. Although the United States was able to send a three-woman team to the ladies' singles figure skating event at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, U.S. Figure Skating awarded the third position on the team to Wagner despite her fourth-place finish behind Nagasu, due to Wagner's stronger international competitive record. It was reported in the January 12, 2014 televised broadcast of the championship that Nagasu would file a protest of the association's decision. However, The New York Times later reported that, after inquiring about the appeal process, Nagasu accepted the decision of U.S. Figure Skating, although she disagreed with it. Nagasu was assigned to the Four Continents Championships, placing tenth.In March 2014, Nagasu moved to Colorado Springs, Colorado to train after feeling the need for a "change in scenery" and chose Tom Zakrajsek as her coach a month later.


=== 2014–15 season ===
Nagasu was assigned to the 2014 Skate America and 2014 Rostelecom Cup for the Grand Prix series. She started off her season by finishing sixth at U.S. International Figure Skating Classic. At Skate America, Nagasu finished sixth. At Rostelecom Cup, she finished fourth.
At the 2015 U.S. Championships, Nagasu skated a solid short program and was in fourth place going into the long program. However, she placed 12th in the free skate after crashing into the boards and injuring her knee. She received several downgrades for under rotations on her jumps. Nagasu finished 10th overall.
In the spring of 2015, Nagasu briefly worked with Alexei Mishin on her jumps when he and his students went to temporarily train at the Broadmoor Skating Club, the rink Nagasu trains at, in Colorado Springs, for a week due to the lack of ice time they were getting in Saint Petersburg.


=== 2015–16 season: Silver at Four Continents ===
For the 2015–16 Grand Prix series, Nagasu was assigned to compete at 2015 NHK Trophy. She opened her season by finishing fifth at 2015 Nebelhorn Trophy. She then won the 2015 Ice Challenge. In late November, Nagasu finished fifth at the 2015 NHK Trophy.
Nagasu suffered from an equipment malfunction at the 2016 U.S. Championships; her right boot (her landing foot) ripped during the short program and remained loose through the rest of the program. Nagasu was nonetheless able to complete her skate, and the boot was repaired in time for the free skate. She ultimately finished fourth, winning the pewter medal, and was assigned to compete at the 2016 Four Continents Championships.At the 2016 Four Continents Championships in Taipei, Nagasu placed third in the short program and second in the free skate. Her combined score of 193.86 at the competition earned her a new personal best, and won her the silver medal behind Satoko Miyahara. In March, she was called up to replace the injured Polina Edmunds at the 2016 World Championships in Boston, where she finished 10th.


=== 2016–17 season: Bronze at Four Continents ===
For the 2016-17 skating season, Mirai Nagasu was assigned to 2016 Skate Canada International and 2016 NHK Trophy. Before her GP events, she won two Challenger Series medals. Bronze at the 2016 Lombardia Trophy and gold at the 2016 Autumn Classic, where she scored a new personal best short program, with a score of 73.40. She was also assigned to 2017 Four Continents. She was fifth after the short with a score of 62.91, after she under-rotated her triple loop. However, she fought back and was 2nd in the free with a score of 132.04, a personal best, and finally finished 3rd with a total score of 194.95, another personal best.


=== 2017–2018 season ===
Nagasu began the 2017-2018 season at the 2017 CS U.S. International Figure Skating Classic, placing third in the short program and second in the free skate, and winning her the silver medal. She then competed in the 2017 Japan Open as part of Team North America and came in fourth in personal and third for team. For the Grand Prix series, she was assigned to compete at the 2017 Rostelecom Cup and the 2017 NHK Trophy. She finished ninth at the Rostelecom Cup, and fourth at the NHK Trophy.
Nagasu competed at the 2018 U.S. Figure Skating Championships and won the silver after placing second in both the short program and the free skate. She, with teammates Bradie Tennell and Karen Chen, were named to the 2018 US Winter Olympic Team for the 2018 Winter Olympics. It was Nagasu's second appearance in the Winter Olympics, after an 8-year absence.
At the 2018 Winter Olympics, Nagasu competed in the free skate portion of the figure skating team event. On February 11, 2018 during the team event free skate, Nagasu became the first American woman, and third woman overall, to land a triple axel at an Olympic Games. She won a bronze medal in the team event as part of the U.S. team. She placed 10th in the Ladies event.


== Skating technique and style ==

Nagasu is considered a strong spinner, and has received a straight +3.00 grade of execution for her layback spin. She often performs the Biellmann spin with a variation in which her hands are on the boot of her skate instead of the blade.
Nagasu has worked on improving her jumps to avoid under-rotations. She has added a triple axel jump to her programs, landing two fully rotated triple axel jumps at the 2017 CS U.S. International Figure Skating Classic with the negative grade of execution. She is the second US woman skater to have landed a triple axel jump internationally after Tonya Harding. In 2018, she became the first U.S. woman skater to have landed the triple axel in an Olympic competition.


== Programs ==


== Records and achievements ==
Second woman to land 8 triple jumps in the free skate (3A, 3F+3T, 3S, 2A+3T+2T, 3Lz+2T, 3F, 3Lo) at the 2018 Winter Olympics team event, behind Mao Asada (Japan).
Third woman to land a triple Axel in the Olympics (2018) behind Midori Ito, Mao Asada (Japan).
Second American woman to land a triple axel jump at the international competition behind Tonya Harding.


=== List of Nagasu's junior world record scores ===


== Competitive highlights ==

		
		
GP: Grand Prix; CS: Challenger Series; JGP: Junior Grand Prix


=== 2006–07 to present ===


=== 2002–03 to 2005–06 ===


== Detailed results ==


=== Senior level ===

Small medals for short and free programs awarded only at ISU Championships. At team events, medals awarded for team results only. Pewter medals for fourth-place finishes awarded only at U.S. national and regional events.


=== Junior level ===

Small medals for short and free programs awarded only at ISU Championships. Previous ISU world best highlighted in bold.

QR = Qualifying Round, FP = Factored Places
Personal bests highlighted in bold.


== Dancing with the Stars ==
In April 2018, Nagasu was announced as one of the celebrities to compete on season 26 of Dancing with the Stars. She was partnered with professional dancer Alan Bersten.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
Mirai Nagasu at the International Skating Union
Mirai Nagasu at IceNetwork.com
Mirai Nagasu at the United States Olympic Committee





Bloodworks Northwest is a blood bank and medical research institute headquartered in Seattle, Washington that serves 90 hospitals in western Washington and Oregon. It has formerly been known as the Puget Sound Blood Center and King County Central Blood Bank.


== History ==
Bloodworks Northwest was founded in 1944 as the King County Central Blood Bank. Its first director, Richard Czajkowski, was retained the same year, leading the organization until his retirement in 1967.
Originally serving hospitals in King County, Washington, King County Central Blood Bank gradually expanded its service area to include Kitsap, Whatcom, Skagit, Mason, Thurston, Jefferson, and Clallam counties. In 1974 it was renamed Puget Sound Blood Center to better reflect its growing geography. In 1991 the reach of Puget Sound Blood Center expanded further when it was merged with the Snohomish-Island Counties Blood Bank. The blood bank rebranded itself again, in 2015, adopting the name Bloodworks Northwest.


== Operations ==

Bloodworks Northwest operates 11 donation centers in western Washington, as well as mobile donation vehicles. Bloodworks Northwest claims it collects about 900 units of blood each day.
Bloodworks Northwest also partners with western Washington hospitals to collect and preserve umbilical cord blood from new mothers, which are harvested for stem cells used in research and cancer treatment. The cord blood program was initiated in 1998 with a start-up grant from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.In addition to its blood transfusion programs, Bloodworks Northwest also operates a hematology research institute. The Bloodworks Northwest Research Institute is housed in a facility in the Eastlake neighborhood of Seattle. According to the organization, it employs a scientific staff of about 70.


== References ==


== External links ==
Bloodworks Northwest official site





Hiroshi (浩, 汎, 弘, 宏, 寛, 洋, 博, 博一, 博司, 博史, 弘詩, 大嗣, ヒロシ, ひろし) is a  Japanese given name. It can also be transliterated as Hirosi. The name can be written different ways depending on the kanji used to write the name. Notable people with the name include:


== People with the given name ==
Hiroshi (owarai) (born 1972, ヒロシ), Japanese comedian
Hiroshi Abe (actor) (born 1964, 阿部 寛), Japanese actor
Hiroshi Abe (astronomer) (安部 裕史), Japanese astronomer
Hiroshi Ando (安藤 尋, born 1965), Japanese screenwriter and film director
Hiroshi Arakawa (荒川 博, 1930–2016), Japanese baseball player
Hiroshi Fujioka (born 1946, 藤岡 弘), Japanese actor
Hiroshi Hara (disambiguation), multiple people
Hiroshi Ibusuki (born 1990, 指宿 洋史), Japanese footballer
Hiroshi Inaba (稲葉 博志, born 1948), Japanese bobsledder
Hiroshi Inagaki (1905 - 1980, 稲垣 浩), Japanese film director
Hiroshi Ichihara (市原 大嗣, born 1987), Japanese footballer
Hiroshi Inomata (猪俣 弘司), Japanese diplomat
Hiroshi Ito (disambiguation), multiple people
Hiroshi Itsuki (born 1948, 五木 ひろし), Japanese enka singer
Hiroshi Kajiyama (disambiguation), multiple people
Hiroshi Kamiya (神谷 浩史, born 1975), Japanese voice actor
Hiroshi Kamiya (shogi) (神谷 広志, born 1961), Japanese shogi player
Hiroshi Kato (加藤 寛, born 1951), Japanese footballer and manager
Hiroshi Kato (aikido) (加藤 弘, 1935–2012), Japanese aikidoka
Hiroshi Kawaguchi (actor) (1936–1987, 川口浩), Japanese actor
Hiroshi Kawaguchi (composer) (born 1965, 川口博史), Japanese video game composer
Hiroshi Kawashima (born 1970, 川島郭志), Japanese professional boxer
Hiroshi Kitadani (born 1968, きただに ひろし), Japanese singer
Hiroshi Kobayashi (shogi, born 1962) (小林 宏), Japanese shogi player
Hiroshi Kobayashi (shogi, born 1976), professional shogi player
Hiroshi Kume (born 1944, 久米 宏), Japanese announcer and television presenter
Hiroshi Masuoka (born 1960, 増岡 浩), Japanese rally driver
Hiroshi Matsumoto (disambiguation), multiple people
Hiroshi Mikami (born 1962, 三上 博史), Japanese actor
Hiroshi Mikitani (三木谷 浩史), President and CEO of Rakuten
Hiroshi Mitsuzuka (1927-2004, 三塚 博), Japanese politician
Hiroshi Miyamoto (宮本 広志, born 1986), Japanese shogi player
Hiroshi Miyauchi (born 1945, 宮内 洋), Japanese actor
Hiroshi H. Miyamura (born 1925), United States Army soldier and Medal of Honor recipient
Hiroshi Mori (disambiguation), multiple people
Hiroshi Morie (born 1968, 森江博), better known as Heath, Japanese musician
Hiroshi Moriyasu (森保 洋, born 1972), Japanese footballer
Hiroshi Murakami (村上 寛, born 1948), Japanese jazz drummer
Hiroshi Nagano (born 1972, 長野 博), Japanese singer, a member of boy band V6
Hiroshi Naganuma, Japanese shogi player
Hiroshi Nagashima (born 1966, 長島 浩), Japanese boxer
Hiroshi Nakada (born 1964, 中田 宏), Mayor of Yokohama City, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan
Hiroshi Nanami (born 1972, 名波 浩), Japanese football player
Hiroshi Neko (born 1977, 猫 ひろし), Japanese comedian
Hiroshi Ogawa (born 1962, 小川 宏), Japanese television presenter
Hiroshi Ogawa (born 1962, 小川 博), Japanese former baseball player and convicted murderer
Hiroshi Okazaki (岡崎 洋, born 1967), Japanese shogi player
Hirosi Ooguri (born 1962, 大栗 博司), Japanese theoretical physicist
Hiroshi Ōshima, Japanese general and diplomat
Hiroshi Saitō (disambiguation), multiple people
Hiroshi Sasagawa (born 1936, 笹川 ひろし), Japanese director of several anime and manga series
Hiroshi Sato (佐藤 浩, born 1972), Japanese footballer
Hiroshi Sato (curler) (佐藤 浩, born 1978), Japanese curler and curling coach
Hiroshi Shibutani (渋谷 浩, born 1967), Japanese table tennis player
Hiroshi Shima (島 比呂志, 1918–2003), pen name of  Kaoru Kishiue, Japanese writer
Hiroshi Shimizu (disambiguation), multiple people
Hiroshi Shirokuma (寛嗣 白熊), Japanese voice actor
Hiroshi Suzuki (disambiguation), multiple people
Hiroshi Tachi (born 1950, 舘 ひろし), Japanese actor
Hiroshi Takahashi (disambiguation), multiple people
Hiroshi Takemura (竹村 拓, born 1953), Japanese voice actor
Hiroshi Takeya, a professor and physician in Japan
Hiroshi Tamaki (born 1980, 玉置 宏), Japanese television presenter
Hiroshi Tamaki (born 1980, 玉木 宏), Japanese actor
Hiroshi Tanaka (田中 衆史, born 1972), Japanese figure skater and coach
Hiroshi Tanaka (athlete) (田中 弘, born 1915), Japanese high jumper
Hiroshi Teshigahara (1927–2001, 勅使河原 宏), Japanese filmmaker
Hiroshi Tsuburaya (1964–2001, 円谷 浩), Japanese actor
Hiroshi Wajima (born 1948, 輪島 大士), former Yokozuna in sumo
Hiroshi Watanabe (disambiguation), multiple people
Hiroshi Yamada (born 1958, 山田 宏), Japanese politician
Hiroshi Yamamoto (archer) (born 1962, 山本 博), silver medalist in archery in the 2004 Summer Olympics
Hiroshi Yamamoto (commentator) (山本 浩), an announcer and commentator of NHK
Hiroshi Yamamoto (politician) (born 1954, 山本 博司), Japanese politician
Hiroshi Yamamoto (shogi), professional shogi player
Hiroshi Yamato (born 1983, ヒロシ), Japanese professional wrestler
Hiroshi Yamauchi (born 1927, 山内 溥), former president of Nintendo
Hiroshi Yoshikawa (吉川 洋, born 1951), Japanese economist
Hiroshi Yuki (born 1963, 結城浩), Japanese author (of books such as Math Girls) and computer programmer


== People with the surname ==
Sandro Hiroshi, Japanese-Brazilian footballer


== Fictional characters ==
Hiroshi (Gaeru), the protagonist of Dokonjō Gaeru
Hiroshi (Pokémon), known in English as Ritchie, a character in the Pokémon anime
Hiroshi (Ranma), a character in Ranma ½, one of Ranma's two friends, the other being Daisuke
Hiroshi (Sesame Street), an aspiring artist on Sesame Street played by Gedde Watanabe in the late 1980s/Early 1990s
Hiroshi Agasa (Herschel Agasa in the English anime), in Case Closed: Detective Conan
Hiroshi Akiba, a character from the manga Inubaka
Hiroshi Ichikawa, a character from Wild Strikers
Hiroshi Ichikawa, a character in the Manga and anime Kaibutsu-kun
Hiroshi Kubo, a character from the novel Shiosai
Hiroshi Kuronaga, Boy #9 in Battle Royale
Hiroshi Matsumoto, a character in Miss Machiko
Hiroshi Morenos, a character from the anime Michiko & Hatchin
Hiroshi Nakano, a character in the Manga and anime Gravitation
Hiroshi Nohara (born c. 1960), father of the protagonist, Shinnosuke, in Crayon Shin-chan
Hiroshi Sakura, the father of the protagonist, Momoko Maruko, in Chibi Maruko-chan
Hiroshi Uchiyamada, a character in Great Teacher Onizuka
Hiroshi Udagawa, a fictional businessman in the Australian soap opera Neighbours
Hiroshi Yushima, a character in Digimon Savers
Hiroshi Sato, Superior businessman, Equalist sympathizer, and father to Asami Sato in The Legend of Korra
Hiroshi, the main protagonist of the survival horror game Ao Oni
Hiroshi, the main protagonist of the Durarara!
Hiroshi Hirai, a character in Denshi Sentai Denziman
Hiroshi Fukuda, a character in Kuroko no Basuke
Hiroshi Fumihiro, from Initial D





Seymour L. "Sy" Studley (May, 1841 – July 9, 1901) nicknamed Warhorse, was an American professional baseball player who played five games in center field for the 1872 Washington Nationals of the National Association of Professional Base Ball Players. He collected two hits in 21 at bats for .095 batting average.Born in Byron, New York in May 1841, he hailed from Rochester, New York when he joined the Washington Nationals of the NABBP in 1866.  He continued to play for the Nationals from 1867 to 1870.Before his baseball career, Studley served for the 54th New York National Guard for a period of 100 days in 1864 during the American Civil War.  He died in Grand Island, Nebraska at the age of 60, and is interred at Soldiers and Sailors Home Cemetery.


== References ==


== Selected works ==
Ryczek, William J. 1998. When Johnny Came Sliding Home. McFarland. ISBN 0-7864-0514-7.


== External links ==
Career statistics and player information from Baseball-Reference





Club Honor y Patria was an Argentine football club sited in Bernal, Greater Buenos Aires. The institution was the first club from that city to have played in Primera División, the first level of Argentine football league system, although it lasted only one season in the division.
Other clubs from Bernal (such as Club Bernal and Estudiantes) played at intermediate divisions.


== History ==
The club was established on May 1, 1911, with a football team formed by Italian immigrants that had arrived to Bernal from La Boca and nicknamed los Isleños. The club had its field on Tacuarí and Cramer streets, adopting the blue and red as its colors, playing with a vertical stripes jersey.
In 1922 Honor y Patria registered with Asociación Amateurs de Football, a dissident body that had been established in 1919 to organise its own championships.
In 1926, Honor y Patria won its first official title, División Intermedia (Second Division) championship after beating San Telmo in a three games series. The team had finished 1st of Section B, with 14 victories over 16 games played while San Telmo had finished 1st of Section A, with a record of 15–18. On January 16, 1927, Honor y Patria defeated San Telmo by 2–1 in the third game played at River Plate stadium, after the previous matches ended in a tie (1–1 and 0–0). The line-up that won the championship was: Tauziet; J.Denda, González; Rizzone, Devescui, Aragón; N. Denda, Tizano, Olivari, Pendola, Figueroa. González scored both goals for Honor y Patria.
"The victory achieved by Club Honor y Patria of Bernal v. San Telmo in the match played at River Plate on Sunday the 16th, was well deserved. Yes, dear readers, I consider and affirm that the eleven of Club Honor y Patria is a better team -in terms of technique and sportsmanship- than San Telmo due to the first matches ended in a tie only because the team from Bernal's bad luck to score a goal..."

Nevertheless, the squad did not promote to Primera División due to both associations merged in 1927. Therefore, Honor y Patria remained in the second division until 1929 when the team achieved promotion to Primera after winning the championship. The team finished with 31 points in 20 games played, with 12 wins, 7 draws and only 1 loss. The squad scored 34 goals and conceded 14. The line-up v. Liberal Argentino in the last fixture of the tournament was: E. Tomero; V. González, E.G allini; R. Aragón, D. Bataglini, J. Figueroa; R. Calichio, J. Olivari, J.R. Angelini, A. Scotti, D.Tizzano.Honor y Patria made a very poor campaign in its first season in Primera, being relegated (along with Club Argentino del Sud) after finishing 35 of 36 teams. The team only won 4 games over 35 played, with 30 goals scored and 91 conceded, with some smashing losses to Quilmes (0–6), River Plate (0–5), Racing (1–4), Sportivo Buenos Aires (1–6) and Gimnasia y Esgrima (LP) (1–5). However, the largest defeat came at the hands of Boca Juniors which smashed Honor y Patria by 9–1 on March 29, 1931, with 7 goals scored by Roberto Cherro, becoming the first and only Boca Juniors played to have scored that number of goals in a single match.After finishing last in the 1934 Primera B championship, Honor y Patria disaffiliated from the Association. It is believed that the club folded soon after.


== Honours ==
División Intermedia (1): 1926 AAm
Primera B (1): 1929  


== Notes ==


== References ==





A pine is any conifer in the genus Pinus () of the family Pinaceae. Pinus is the sole genus in the subfamily Pinoideae. The Plant List compiled by the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew and Missouri Botanical Garden accepts 126 species names of pines as current, together with 35 unresolved species and many more synonyms.


== Etymology ==
The modern English name "pine" derives from Latin pinus,  which some have traced to the Indo-European base *pīt- ‘resin’ (source of English pituitary). Before the 19th century, pines were often referred to as firs (from Old Norse fura, by way of Middle English firre). In some European languages, Germanic cognates of the Old Norse name are still in use for pines—in Danish fyr, in Norwegian fura/fure/furu, Swedish fura/furu, Dutch vuren, and German Föhre—but in modern English, fir is now restricted to fir (Abies) and Douglas fir (Pseudotsuga).


== Description ==

Pine trees are evergreen, coniferous resinous trees (or, rarely, shrubs) growing 3–80 m (10–260 ft) tall, with the majority of species reaching 15–45 m (50–150 ft) tall. The smallest are Siberian dwarf pine and Potosi pinyon, and the tallest is an 81.79 m (268.35 ft) tall ponderosa pine located in southern Oregon's Rogue River-Siskiyou National Forest.Pines are long lived and typically reach ages of 100–1,000 years, some even more. The longest-lived is the Great Basin bristlecone pine, Pinus longaeva. One individual of this species, dubbed "Methuselah", is one of the world's oldest living organisms at around 4,600 years old. This tree can be found in the White Mountains of California. An older tree, now cut down, was dated at 4,900 years old. It was discovered in a grove beneath Wheeler Peak and it is now known as "Prometheus" after the Greek immortal.


=== Bark ===
The bark of most pines is thick and scaly, but some species have thin, flaky bark. The branches are produced in regular "pseudo whorls", actually a very tight spiral but appearing like a ring of branches arising from the same point. Many pines are uninodal, producing just one such whorl of branches each year, from buds at the tip of the year's new shoot, but others are multinodal, producing two or more whorls of branches per year. 
The spiral growth of branches, needles, and cone scales may be arranged in Fibonacci number ratios. The new spring shoots are sometimes called "candles"; they are covered in brown or whitish bud scales and point upward at first, then later turn green and spread outward. These "candles" offer foresters a means to evaluate fertility of the soil and vigour of the trees.


=== Foliage ===
Pines have four types of leaf:

Seed leaves (cotyledons) on seedlings are borne in a whorl of 4–24.
Juvenile leaves, which follow immediately on seedlings and young plants, are 2–6 cm long, single, green or often blue-green, and arranged spirally on the shoot. These are produced for six months to five years, rarely longer.
Scale leaves, similar to bud scales, are small, brown and not photosynthetic, and arranged spirally like the juvenile leaves.
Needles, the adult leaves, are green (photosynthetic) and bundled in clusters called fascicles. The needles can number from one to seven per fascicle, but generally number from two to five. Each fascicle is produced from a small bud on a dwarf shoot in the axil of a scale leaf. These bud scales often remain on the fascicle as a basal sheath. The needles persist for 1.5–40 years, depending on species. If a shoot is damaged (e.g. eaten by an animal), the needle fascicles just below the damage will generate a bud which can then replace the lost leaves.


=== Cones ===

Pines are mostly monoecious, having the male and female cones on the same tree, though a few species are sub-dioecious, with individuals predominantly, but not wholly, single-sex. The male cones are small, typically 1–5 cm long, and only present for a short period (usually in spring, though autumn in a few pines), falling as soon as they have shed their pollen. The female cones take 1.5–3 years (depending on species) to mature after pollination, with actual fertilization delayed one year. At maturity the female cones are 3–60 cm long. Each cone has numerous spirally arranged scales, with two seeds on each fertile scale; the scales at the base and tip of the cone are small and sterile, without seeds. 
The seeds are mostly small and winged, and are anemophilous (wind-dispersed), but some are larger and have only a vestigial wing, and are bird-dispersed (see below). At maturity, the cones usually open to release the seeds, but in some of the bird-dispersed species (e.g. whitebark pine), the seeds are only released by the bird breaking the cones open. In others, the seeds are stored in closed ("serotinous") cones for many years until an environmental cue triggers the cones to open, releasing the seeds.  The most common form of serotiny is pyriscence, in which a resin binds the cones shut until melted by a forest fire.


== Taxonomy, nomenclature and codification ==

Pines are gymnosperms. The genus is divided into two subgenera, which can be distinguished by cone, seed, and leaf characters:

Pinus subg. Pinus, the yellow, or hard pine group, generally with harder wood and two or three needles per fascicle
Pinus subg. Strobus, the white, or soft pine group, generally with softer wood and five needles per fascicle


== Distribution ==

Pines are native to the Northern Hemisphere, and in a few parts of the tropics in the Southern Hemisphere. Most regions of the Northern Hemisphere (see List of pines by region) host some native species of pines. One species (Sumatran pine) crosses the equator in Sumatra to 2°S. In North America, various species occur in regions at latitudes from as far north as 66°N to as far south as 12°N.Pines may be found in a very large variety of environments, ranging from semi-arid desert to rainforests, from sea level up to 5,200 metres (17,100 ft), from the coldest to the hottest environments on Earth. They often occur in mountainous areas with favorable soils and at least some water.Various species have been introduced to temperate and subtropical regions of both hemispheres, where they are grown as timber or cultivated as ornamental plants in parks and gardens. A number of such introduced species have become naturalized, and some species are considered invasive in some areas and threaten native ecosystems.


=== Ecology ===

Pines grow well in acid soils, some also on calcareous soils; most require good soil drainage, preferring sandy soils, but a few (e.g. lodgepole pine) can tolerate poorly drained wet soils. A few are able to sprout after forest fires (e.g. Canary Island pine). Some species of pines (e.g. bishop pine) need fire to regenerate, and their populations slowly decline under fire suppression regimens. 
Several species are adapted to extreme conditions imposed by elevation and latitude (e.g. Siberian dwarf pine, mountain pine, whitebark pine, and the bristlecone pines). The pinyon pines and a number of others, notably Turkish pine and gray pine, are particularly well adapted to growth in hot, dry semidesert climates.The seeds are commonly eaten by birds, such as grouse, crossbills, jays, nuthatches, siskins, and woodpeckers, and by squirrels. Some birds, notably the spotted nutcracker, Clark's nutcracker, and pinyon jay, are of importance in distributing pine seeds to new areas. Pine needles are sometimes eaten by some Lepidoptera (butterfly and moth) species (see list of Lepidoptera that feed on pines), the Symphytan species pine sawfly, and goats.Pine pollen may play an important role in the functioning of detrital food webs. Nutrients from pollen aid detritivores in development, growth, and maturation, and may enable fungi to decompose nutritionally scarce litter. Pine pollen is also involved in moving plant matter between terrestrial and aquatic ecosystems.


== Uses ==


=== Lumber and construction ===
 
Pines are among the most commercially important tree species valued for their timber and wood pulp throughout the world. In temperate and tropical regions, they are fast-growing softwoods that grow in relatively dense stands, their acidic decaying needles inhibiting the sprouting of competing hardwoods.  Commercial pines are grown in plantations for timber that is denser and therefore more durable than spruce (Picea).  Pine wood is widely used in high-value carpentry items such as furniture, window frames, panelling, floors, and roofing, and the resin of some species is an important source of turpentine.
Because pines have no insect- or decay-resistant qualities after logging, they are generally recommended for construction purposes as indoor use only (indoor drywall framing, for example). Left outside, pine wood can be expected to last no more than 12–18 months depending on the local climate.


=== Ornamental uses ===
Many pine species make attractive ornamental plantings for parks and larger gardens with a variety of dwarf cultivars being suitable for smaller spaces. Pines are also commercially grown and harvested for Christmas trees.  Pine cones, the largest and most durable of all conifer cones, are craft favorites.  Pine boughs, appreciated especially in wintertime for their pleasant smell and greenery, are popularly cut for decorations. Pine needles are also used for making decorative articles such as baskets, trays, pots, etc, and during the U.S. Civil War, the needles of the longleaf pine "Georgia pine" were widely employed in this. This originally Native American skill is now being replicated across the world. Pine needle handicrafts are made in the US, Canada, Mexico, Nicaragua, and India. Pine needles are also versatile and have been used by Latvian designer Tamara Orjola to create different biodegradable products including paper, furniture, textiles and dye.


=== Wildlife ===
Pine needles serve as food for various Lepidoptera. See List of Lepidoptera that feed on pines. Several species are attacked by nematodes, causing pine wilt disease, which can kill some quickly.


=== Farming ===
When grown for sawing timber, pine plantations can be harvested after 30 years, with some stands being allowed to grow up to 50 (as the wood value increases more quickly as the trees age). Imperfect trees (such as those with bent trunks or forks, smaller trees, or diseased trees) are removed in a "thinning" operation every 5–10 years. Thinning allows the best trees to grow much faster, because it prevents weaker trees from competing for sunlight, water, and nutrients. Young trees removed during thinning are used for pulpwood, while most older ones are good enough for saw timber.
The final wood quality can be improved by pruning small branches at ages 5, 7, and 9. Pruning usually goes up to a height of 6 metres (20 ft). This results in smooth timber with no knots, which is considerably more valuable.
A 30-year-old commercial pine tree grown in good conditions will be about 0.3 m (1.0 ft) in diameter and about 20 m (66 ft) high. After 50 years, the same tree will be about 0.5 m (1.6 ft) in diameter and 25 m (82 ft) high, and its wood will be worth about seven times as much as the 30-year-old tree.
Trees are planted 3–4 m apart, or about 1000 per hectare (100,000 per km2).


=== Food and nutrients ===

Some species have large seeds, called pine nuts, that are harvested and sold for cooking and baking.  They are an essential ingredient of pesto alla genovese.
The soft, moist, white inner bark (cambium) found clinging to the woody outer bark is edible and very high in vitamins A and C. It can be eaten raw in slices as a snack or dried and ground up into a powder for use as an ersatz flour or thickener in stews, soups, and other foods, such as bark bread.  Adirondack Indians got their name from the Mohawk Indian word atirú:taks, meaning "tree eaters".
A tea made by steeping young, green pine needles in boiling water (known as tallstrunt in Sweden) is high in vitamins A and C. In eastern Asia, pine and other conifers are accepted among consumers as a beverage product, and used in teas, as well as wine.Pine needles from Pinus densiflora were found to contain 30.54 mg/g of proanthocyanidins when extracted with hot water. Comparative to ethanol extraction resulting in 30.11 mg/g, simply extracting in hot water is preferable.
In traditional Chinese medicine (TCM), pine resin is used for burns, wounds and dermal complaints.


== In popular culture ==
Pines have been a frequently mentioned tree throughout history, including in literature, paintings and other art, and in religious texts.


=== Literature ===
Writers of various nationalities and ethnicities have written of pines. Among them, John Muir, Dora Sigerson Shorter, Eugene Field, the Chinese, Theodore Winthrop, and Rev. George Allan D.D.


=== Art ===

Pines are often featured in art, whether painting and fine art, drawing, photography, or folk art.


=== Religious texts ===
Pine trees, as well as other conifers, are mentioned in The Bible. In Nehemiah 8:15, the King James Version renders the following translation:"And that they should publish and proclaim in all their cities, and in Jerusalem, saying, Go forth unto the mount, and fetch olive branches, and pine branches [emphasis added], and myrtle branches, and palm branches, and branches of thick trees, to make booths, as it is written."Pines are also mentioned in Isaiah 41:"17: When the poor and needy seek water, and there is none, and their tongue faileth for thirst, I the LORD will hear them, I the God of Israel will not forsake them. 18: I will open rivers in high places, and fountains in the midst of the valleys: I will make the wilderness a pool of water, and the dry land springs of water. 19: I will plant in the wilderness the cedar, the shittah tree, and the myrtle, and the oil tree; I will set in the desert the fir tree, and the pine, and the box tree together: 20: That they may see, and know, and consider, and understand together, that the hand of the LORD hath done this, and the Holy One of Israel hath created it."And in Isaiah 60:"13: The glory of Lebanon shall come unto thee, the fir tree, the pine tree, and the box together, to beautify the place of my sanctuary; and I will make the place of my feet glorious."


== Gallery ==

		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		


== See also ==
Pine barrens
Pine-cypress forest
Three Friends of Winter
El Pino (The Pine Tree)
Tree of Peace
List of pines by region


== References ==


=== Bibliography ===


== External links ==
40 Pine Trees From Around the World by The Spruce
Key to Pinus from the Jepson Manual, covers Californian species
Pinus in Flora of North America
Pinus in the USDA Plants Database





Kelly-Marie Stewart (born 1984) is a British actress, best known for playing Hayley Ramsey, the younger sister of already established character Zak Ramsey in Channel 4's teen soap opera Hollyoaks.


== Career ==
After attending the Liverpool Theatre School, Stewart appeared in several TV adverts before landing her big break on the soap.
Stewart is the first disabled actress to act as a main character in Hollyoaks. She has Guillain–Barré syndrome – an autoimmune disorder affecting the peripheral nervous system which usually exhibits as an ascending paralysis noted by weakness in the legs. Kelly-Marie lost the use of her legs when she was twenty-one. She left Hollyoaks in 2010 when she became pregnant.


== Personal life ==
Stewart is the mother of a daughter, Daisie, and is a campaigner for specialist advice and support for disabled mothers in caring for young children. She is also the official ambassador for the Muscular Dystrophy Campaign and a patron of Disabled Parents Network.


== References ==


== External links ==
Kelly-Marie Stewart Official website
Kelly-Marie Stewart on IMDb





Asano no Katori (朝野鹿取; 774–843) was a Japanese kanshi poet of the early Heian period. He studied Classical Chinese at the Imperial University before going on to visit China in one of the Japanese missions to Tang China. Six of his poems were included in the Bunka Shūreishū, and he was also selected to work on the Nihon Kōki, one of Japan's Six National Histories.


== Biography ==
Asano no Katori was born in 774. He was the natural son of Oshinumihara no Muraji Takatori (忍海原連鷹取), but was adopted by Asano no Sukune Michinaga (朝野宿禰道長).He researched Chinese history and Chinese literature at the Imperial University, changing his field of study from Chinese pronunciation (音生) to Chinese literature (文章生 monjōshō) while there.In Enryaku 21 (802), he was selected as undersecretary for one of the Japanese missions to Tang China. In 804 he journeyed to China in the company of Sugawara no Kiyotomo, Kūkai, Saichō and others, and the following year returned to Japan.In the third month of Kōnin 1 (810) Katori was made chamberlain, and became a teacher to Emperor Saga. He served in various administrative positions in both the capital and the provinces before becoming counsellor in Tenchō 10 (833).The following year (Jōwa 1) he became Major Controller of the Left (左大弁 sadaiben), and two years later Minister of Popular Affairs. In 842 he was promoted to the Junior Third Rank and was appointed governor of Etchū Province. His children were given the hereditary title Ason.The Shoku Nihon Kōki records that he died on the eleventh day of the sixth month of Jōwa 10 (843) in his seventieth year.


== Writings ==


=== Poetry ===
Six of Katori's Chinese poems (kanshi) were included in the Bunka Shūreishū.


=== Other writings ===
He assisted in the compilation of both the Dairi-shiki and the Nihon Kōki, one of the Six National Histories. Takashi Kigoshi (木越隆), in his article on Katori for the Nihon Koten Bungaku Daijiten, speculates that his selection for this job, in addition to his being selected to travel to China, was an official acknowledgement of his mastery of Chinese studies.


== References ==


== Works cited ==
Kigoshi, Takashi (1983). "Asano no Katori". Nihon Koten Bungaku Daijiten 日本古典文学大辞典 (in Japanese). 1. Tokyo: Iwanami Shoten. p. 42. OCLC 11917421.


== External links ==
Asano no Katori on Kotobank.





Pokémon, known in Japan as Pocket Monsters (ポケットモンスター, Poketto Monsutā), is a Japanese anime television series produced by animation studio OLM for TV Tokyo. It is adapted from the Pokémon video game series published by Nintendo. The series follows the Pokémon trainer and aspiring Pokémon master Ash Ketchum and his adventures with his electric mouse partner Pikachu (voiced by Ikue Ōtani), and a varying group of friends.
The division between seasons of Pokémon is based on the English version openings of each episode and may not reflect the actual production season. The English episode numbers are based on their first airing either in syndication, on the WB Television Network, Cartoon Network, or on Disney XD. Subsequent episodes of the English version follow the original Japanese order, except where banned episodes are shown.


== Series overview ==


== Episodes ==


=== Pokémon: The Original Series (Pocket Monsters: The Original Series; 1997–2002) ===


==== Pokémon the Series: The Beginning (Part I; 1997–1999) ====


===== Season 1: Indigo League (1997–1999) =====


===== Season 2: Adventures on the Orange Islands (1999) =====


==== Pokémon the Series: Gold and Silver (Part II; 1999-2002) ====


===== Season 3: The Johto Journeys (1999–2000) =====


===== Season 4: Johto League Champions (2000–2001) =====


===== Season 5: Master Quest (2001–2002) =====


=== Pokémon the Series: Ruby and Sapphire (Pocket Monsters: Advanced Generation series; 2002–2006) ===


==== Season 6: Advanced (2002–2003) ====


==== Season 7: Advanced Challenge (2003–2004) ====


==== Season 8: Advanced Battle (2004–2005) ====


==== Season 9: Battle Frontier (2005–2006) ====


=== Pokémon the Series: Diamond and Pearl (Pocket Monsters: Diamond & Pearl series; 2006–2010) ===


==== Season 10: Diamond and Pearl (2006–2007) ====


==== Season 11: Diamond and Pearl: Battle Dimension (2007–2008) ====


==== Season 12: Diamond and Pearl: Galactic Battles (2008–2009) ====


==== Season 13: Diamond and Pearl: Sinnoh League Victors (2010) ====


== See also ==
List of Pokémon episodes (seasons 14–current)
Banned episodes of Pokémon
Pokémon movies
Pokémon theme songs


== Notes ==


== References ==


== External links ==
"Pokémon – US official website".
"Pokémon – JP official website" (in Japanese).
"Pokémon anime website" (in Japanese). TV Tokyo.





Les Loges is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.


== Population ==


== See also ==
Communes of the Calvados department


== References ==
INSEE





The F. W. Lewis House is a single-family home located at 2913 Manor Street in Midland, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.


== History ==
F.W. Lewis was an accountant at the Dow Chemical Company. In 1933, he hired architect Alden B. Dow to design this home. It was Dow'a first foray into a low-priced home design, something that interested the architect throughout his life. Clapboard siding was added to the house some time in the 1960s. A single car garage was added about the same time.


== Description ==
The F. W. Lewis House is a single-story, 900 square foot house configured in a square. The house is topped with a broad hip roof, and a unit block chimney, which also serves to delineate the interior spaces of the house into public and private areas. The exterior is clad in clapboard, over the original masonite sheets. A band of casement windows runs across the front. Each of the casement windows pivot from the top for ventilation. On the interior, the front contains a living room and kitchen/dining area, and the rear contains two bedrooms.


== References ==





German nationality law is the law governing the acquisition, transmission and loss of German citizenship. The law is based on a mixture of the principles of jus sanguinis and jus soli. In other words, one usually acquires German citizenship if a parent is a German citizen, irrespective of place of birth, or by birth in Germany to parents with foreign nationality if certain requirements are fulfilled. Naturalisation is also possible for foreign nationals after six to eight years of legal residence in Germany.Although non-EU and non-Swiss citizens normally must renounce their old citizenship before being approved for naturalisation (if the laws of their other countries of citizenship do not already automatically act to denaturalise them upon award of German nationality), there is a broad exception for when it would be "very difficult" to do so, and as of 2017, a majority of newly naturalised German citizens have been allowed to retain their previous citizenships. Under German law, citizens of other EU countries and of Switzerland may keep their old citizenship by right, however, some EU countries (such as the Netherlands and Spain) do not allow dual citizenship even with other EU countries. German citizens wanting to acquire a non-EU or non-Swiss citizenship and to maintain their German citizenship must apply for permission (de:Beibehaltungsgenehmigung) before acquiring the other citizenship, or they automatically lose German citizenship when they acquire the foreign citizenship. For details, see Dual citizenship section below.
A significant reform to the nationality law was passed by the Bundestag (the German parliament) in 1999, and came into force on 1 January 2000. The reformed law makes it somewhat easier for foreigners resident in Germany on a long-term basis, and especially their children born in Germany, to acquire German citizenship.The previous German nationality law dated from 1913. Nationality law was amended by the Nuremberg Laws of Nazi Germany; these amendments were revoked after the defeat of Nazism by an Allied occupational ordinance during WWII in 1945. Germany ratified the European Convention on Nationality, which came into force in Germany on 1 September 2005. All German nationals are automatically also citizens of the European Union.


== History ==
Before the formation of the German Empire in 1871, the states that became part of the empire were sovereign with their own nationality laws, those of the southern ones (notably Bavaria) being quite liberal. Prussia's nationality law can be traced back to the "Law Respecting the Acquisition and Loss of the Quality as a Prussian subject, and his Admission to Foreign Citizenship" of 31 December 1842, which was based on the principle of jus sanguinis. Prussian law became the basis of the legal system of the German Empire, though the state nationality laws continued to apply, and a German citizen was a person who held citizenship of one of the states of the German Empire.
On 22 July 1913 the Nationality Law of the German Empire and States (Reichs- und Staatsangehörigkeitsgesetz, shorthand: RuStAG) established a German citizenship, either derived from the citizenship of one of the component states or acquired through the central Reich government.
Under the Third Reich, in 1934, the German nationality law was amended to abolish separate state citizenships and creating a uniform Reich citizenship, with the central Reich authorities having power to grant or withdraw German nationality. In 1935 the Reich Citizenship Law (Reichsbürgergesetz), the second of the Nuremberg Laws, created a new category called "state subjects" (Staatsangehörige) to which Jews were assigned, thereby withdrawing citizenship from Jews who had been citizens; only those classed as being of "German or related blood" retained Reich citizenship.
On 13 March 1938, Germany extended the nationality law to Austria following the Anschluss that annexed Austria to Germany. On 27 April 1945, after the defeat of Nazism, Austria was re-established and conferred Austrian citizenship on all persons who would have been Austrian on that date had the pre-1938 nationality law of Austria remained in force. Any Austrians who had held German nationality lost it. Also see Austrian nationality law.
The Nazi amendments of 1934 and the Nuremberg Laws of 1935 were revoked by Allied occupational ordinance in 1945, restoring the 1913 nationality law, which remained in force until the 1999 reforms.Article 116(1) of the German Basic Law (constitution) confers, subject to laws regulating the details, a right to citizenship upon any person admitted to Germany (in its 1937 borders) as "refugee or expellee of German ethnic origin or as the spouse or descendant of such a person." Until 1990 ethnic Germans living abroad in a country in the former Eastern Bloc (Aussiedler) could obtain citizenship through a virtually automatic procedure. From 1990 the law was steadily tightened each year to limit the number of immigrants, requiring immigrants to prove language skills and cultural affiliation.
Article 116(2) entitles persons (and their descendants), who were denaturalised by the Nazi government, to be renaturalised if they wish. Those among them, who after May 8, 1945 take up residence in Germany are automatically considered German citizens. Both regulations, (1) and (2), allowed a considerable numbers of Poles and Israelis, residing in Poland and Israel, to be concurrently German citizens.


== Birth in Germany ==
Children born on or after 1 January 2000 to non-German parents acquire German citizenship at birth if at least one parent:

has a permanent residence permit and
has been residing in Germany for at least eight years.To retain German citizenship, such children are required to take affirmative measures by age 23, after which their German citizenship otherwise expires. These affirmative measures may include proof of the applicant's link to Germany, as evidenced by at least one of the following:

Resided in Germany for at least eight years during their 21 first years of life
Has attended a school in Germany for at least six years
Has graduated from a school in Germany
Successfully finished vocational/ professional training in GermanyApplicant fulfill these requirements in the vast majority of cases. If not, the applicant can alternatively prove they hold no foreign citizenship other than in a European Union member nation or a nation such as Morocco, Nigeria, or Iran whose domestic law provides that its citizenship cannot be lost.
Parents who are citizens of European Economic Area states or Switzerland are eligible to receive permanent resident permits after five years.


== Descent from a German parent ==
A person born of a parent with German citizenship at the time of the child's birth is a German citizen. Place of birth is not a factor in citizenship determination based on parentage.

Those born after 1 January 1975 are Germans if the mother or father is a German citizen.
Those born before 1 January 1975 could normally only claim German citizenship from the father and not the mother. Exceptions included cases where the parents were unmarried (in which case German mothers could pass on citizenship) or where the German mother applied to register the child as German on or before 31 December 1977.
Special rules exist for those born before 1 July 1993 if only the father is German and is not married to the mother. The father must acknowledge paternity and must have married the mother before 1 July 1998.
A child born in a foreign country no longer receives German citizenship automatically by birth if their German parent was born after 31 December 1999 in a foreign country and has their primary residence there. Exceptions are:The child would be stateless.
The German parent registers the child's birth within one year of birth to the responsible German agency abroad.In case both parents are German citizens, German citizenship does not pass on automatically if both parents were born abroad after 31 December 1999 and have their primary residence outside Germany. Exceptions are same as the above.
Those born in Germany and adopted to a foreign country would need to contact their local German Consulate for clarification of German citizenship.Persons who are Germans on the basis of descent from a German parent do not have to apply to retain German citizenship by age 23. If they acquire another citizenship at birth, they can usually continue to hold this.


=== Surname requirements for German citizens born abroad to a German parent ===
German law forbids double-barrelled surnames (e.g. consisting of both the mother's and the father's surnames if the parents are unmarried, or if the parents are married but do not share a surname). However, an exemption is granted to German citizens by descent who are born abroad and have a double-barrelled surname, providing that their surname format is permitted under the law of their country of birth and the laws of any other countries of which either parent is a citizen.
German citizens in this situation must obtain a name declaration (Namenserklärung) before being allowed to hold a German passport or identity card.


== Adoption ==
A child adopted by a German citizen becomes German national automatically if aged less than 18 on the date the application for adoption was made. So dual citizenship is granted.


== Naturalisation as a German citizen ==


=== Naturalisation by entitlement ===
Individuals are entitled to naturalise as a German citizen if they fulfill all the following criteria :
Have been ordinarily resident in Germany for at least the last 8 years (this period can be reduced - see below)
Have legal capacity or a legal representative
Confirms a present and past commitment to the free democratic constitutional system enshrined in the German Basic Law (or is presently committed to such principles and has departed from former support of ideas contrary to such principles)
Are a European Union or Swiss citizen in possession of the appropriate residence permit that permits the free movement of persons, or is a non-EU/Swiss citizen who has been granted a permanent right of residence, or holds a EU Blue Card.
Can support themselves without requiring benefits
Have not been sentenced for an unlawful act and are not subject to any court order imposing a measure of reform and prevention
Possesses an adequate knowledge of the German language
Possesses knowledge of the legal system, the society, and living conditions in the Federal Republic of Germany
Have passed a Citizenship Examination.The examination tests a person's knowledge of the German Constitution, the Rule of Law and the basic democratic concepts behind modern German society. It also includes a section on the Constitution of the Federal State in which the applicant resides. The citizenship test is obligatory unless the applicant can claim an exemption such as illness, a disability, or old age.
An individual who does not have legal capacity is entitled to naturalise as a German citizen merely through ordinary residence in Germany for at least 8 years—and does not have to fulfil the other criteria (e.g., adequate command of the German language and ability to support themselves without recourse to benefits).
Applicants for naturalisation are normally expected to prove they have renounced their existing nationality or that they lose it automatically on naturalisation, before receiving German citizenship. However, they are not required to do so if the previous citizenship is from another European Union member state or Switzerland, or if the other citizenship(s) may be renounced "only under very difficult conditions." Such difficulty is to be assumed if any of six conditions apply, including unreasonable difficulties in renouncing, holding a refugee travel document, and the potential economic hardship of renunciation exceeding a cost of 10,225.84 Euros (originally 20,000 Deutsche Marks). Most persons naturalised as German citizens in 2017, 61%, fell within these exceptions and were successful in obtaining approval to retain their other citizenships, with more than 81% of new German citizens from the Americas doing so. That global proportion is up from 45% in 2000.An individual who is entitled to naturalise as a German citizen can also apply for a spouse and minor children to be naturalised at the same time (the spouse and minor children need not have ordinarily resided in Germany for at least 8 years).
Exceptions to the normal residence requirements include:

Persons who have completed an integration course may have the residence requirement reduced to 7 years
Persons who show they are especially well integrated and have a higher level of command of the German language than the basic requirement for the German citizenship (i.e., higher than CEFR level B1) may have the residence requirement reduced to 6 years
The spouse of a German citizen may be naturalised after 3 years of continual residency in Germany. The marriage must have persisted for at least 2 years.
Refugees and stateless persons may be able to apply after 6 years of continual residency
Former German citizensThere are special provisions for victims of Nazi persecution and their descendants.


=== Naturalisation by discretion ===
An individual who is ordinarily resident outside may be naturalised as a German citizen if they can demonstrate sufficient ties with Germany to justify naturalisation.


=== Victims of Nazi persecution ===
Under Article 116 of Germany's constitution, known as the Basic Law, anyone who had their German citizenship revoked during the Nazi regime for "political, racist, or religious reasons" may reobtain citizenship. The Article also includes the descendants of Nazi victims, and does not require them to give up the citizenship of their new home countries.This does not apply to those born before 1953 to a German Jewish mother: Although the law that German citizenship passed only through fathers was changed in 1953, this was not made retroactive. 
Regulations stipulate that a descendant of those who had their citizenship revoked is entitled to re-naturalization only if "the following hypothetical question can be answered with a 'yes': Had the primary claimant of the naturalization claim not been deprived of German citizenship, would their descendants have acquired citizenship by birth according to the applicable German law of citizenship? Note that children adopted by German Jews before 1945 are not elligible for German citizenship, even if they were born in Germany. 
The "applicable German law of citizenship" referred to states that "Children born in wedlock between Jan. 1, 1914 and Dec. 31, 1974, acquired German citizenship only if the father was a German citizen at the time of their birth." Some waivers were granted for "Children born in wedlock between April 1, 1953 and Dec. 31, 1974 to a German mother and a non-German father" -- but not for those born earlier. See also the German Citizenship Project.


=== Children born in Germany ===
Under transitional arrangements in the 1999 reforms (effective 1 January 2000), children who were born in Germany in 1990 or later, and would have been German had the law change been in force at the time, were entitled to be naturalised as German citizens.

An application for naturalisation was required by 31 December 2000.
The child was required to apply for retention of German citizenship by age 23 and normally show that no other foreign citizenship was held at that time.


== Naturalization statistics ==
Between 1995 and 2004, 1,278,424 people obtained German citizenship by naturalization. This means that about 1.5% of the total German population was naturalized during that period.


== Loss of German citizenship ==
German citizenship is automatically lost when a German citizen voluntarily acquires the citizenship of another country, except:

When the German citizen acquires a nationality from within the European Union, Switzerland, or another country with which Germany has a corresponding treaty.
When permission to obtain a foreign citizenship has been applied for and granted in advance of foreign naturalization. Failure to obtain so-called permit to retain German citizenship prior to naturalization results in the individual automatically losing German citizenship upon becoming a naturalized citizen of another country. A proposed law called Brexit-Übergangsgesetz  is intended to allow UK nationals who apply for German citizenship before the UK leaves the EU to retain dual nationality.  Many UK and German nationals in each country are supporting the Permanent European Union Citizenship Initiative with the objective of ensuring that Germans taking UK citizenship retain their EU citizenship.Other cases where German citizenship can be lost include:

Persons acquiring German citizenship on the basis of birth in Germany (without a German parent) lose German citizenship automatically at age 23 if they have not successfully applied to retain German citizenship. If it is desired to maintain a foreign citizenship, application must be made by age 21.
A German citizen who voluntarily serves in a foreign army (over and above compulsory military service) from 1 January 2000 may lose German citizenship unless permission is obtained from the German government. From 6 July 2011, the permission to serve above compulsory military service is automatically given for the armies of EU, EFTA, and NATO countries and the armies of Australia, Israel, Japan, New Zealand, and the Republic of Korea.
A German child adopted by foreign parents, where the child automatically acquires the nationality of the adoptive parents under the law of the adoptive parents' country. (For example, a German child adopted by Americans prior to 27 February 2001—the effective date of the U.S. Child Citizenship Act of 2000—would not have automatically lost German citizenship, because the child did not automatically acquire United States citizenship by virtue of having been adopted by U.S. citizens.) An exception applies where legal ties to the German parent are maintained.


== Dual citizenship ==
Allowed under following circumstances:

If the other citizenship is that of another EU country or of Switzerland. Non-EU and non-Swiss citizens must usually renounce their old citizenship if they want to become German citizens. There are exceptions made for citizens of countries that do not allow their citizens to renounce their citizenship (e.g., Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Costa Rica; the following jus-soli countries allow renunciation only if the citizenship was acquired involuntarily by birth there to non-citizen parents: Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, Uruguay), or if the renunciation process is too difficult, humiliating or expensive (e.g., Afghanistan, Algeria, Angola, Cuba, Eritrea, Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Morocco, Nigeria, Syria, Thailand, Tunisia, USA), or, rarely, in individual cases if the renunciation of the old citizenship means enormous disadvantages for the concerned person.
If a German citizen acquires a non-EU or non-Swiss citizenship with the permission ("Beibehaltungsgenehmigung" or BBG) of the German Government (e.g., existing relative ties or property in Germany or in the other country or if the occupation abroad requires domestic citizenship for execution). The voluntary acquisition of a non-EU or non-Swiss citizenship without permission usually means the automatic loss of the German citizenship (but see Point 4). The permission is not necessary if the other citizenship is of another EU country or of Switzerland or if dual citizenship was obtained at birth.
If a non-German citizen acquires German citizenship by naturalization, and renunciation of the other citizenship(s) would be "very difficult." Such difficulty is to be assumed if any of six conditions apply, including unreasonable difficulties in renouncing, holding a refugee travel document, and the potential economic hardship of renunciation exceeding a cost of 10,225.84 Euros (originally 20,000 Deutsche Marks). Most persons naturalised as German citizens in 2017, 61%, fell within these exceptions and were successful in obtaining approval to retain their other citizenships, with more than 81% of new German citizens from the Americas doing so.
If a person, or their qualified descendants, receives restored citizenship under Article 116 par. 2 of the Basic Law (Grundgesetz) that states former German citizens who between January 30, 1933, and May 8, 1945, were deprived of their German citizenship on political, racial, or religious grounds may re-invoke their citizenship (as if it had never been lost), and may hold dual (or multiple) citizenship.. Such restored citizens need not have ever lived in Germany.
If a child born to a German parent acquires German citizenship and one or more other citizenships at birth, e.g., based on place of birth (birth in jus-soli countries, mostly of the Americas) or descent from one parent (one German parent and one foreign parent). (Of course, the nationality and citizenship laws of the other countries of the child's citizenships may or may not allow for multiple citizenships, and have their own declaration, selection, or retention requirements.)
Children born on or after 1 January 2000 to non-German parents acquire German citizenship at birth if at least one parent has a permanent residence permit (and had this status for at least three years) and the parent was residing in Germany for at least eight years. The children must have lived in Germany for at least eight years or attended school for six years until their 21st birthday. Non-EU- and non-Swiss-citizen parents born and grown up abroad usually cannot have dual citizenship themselves (but see Point 1).


=== Revocation of German citizenship for adult terrorists with second citizenship ===
In April 2019, Germany adopted a law that allows to revoke the German citizenship of dual citizens who have joined or supported a terror militia such as the Islamic State and are at least 18 years old.


== Citizenship of the European Union ==
Because Germany forms part of the European Union, German citizens are also citizens of the European Union under European Union law and thus enjoy rights of free movement and have the right to vote in elections for the European Parliament. When in a non-EU country where there is no German embassy, German citizens have the right to get consular protection from the embassy of any other EU country present in that country. German citizens can live and work in any country within the EU as a result of the right of free movement and residence granted in Article 21 of the EU Treaty.


== Germans living abroad ==
   Germans living abroad (Auslandsdeutsche) are German emigrants, namely, German citizens residing outside Germany. German emigrants usually do not pay taxes to Germany. Germans abroad are allowed to vote in the Republic's federal elections (general elections). According to the German Foreign Office, "German citizens with permanent residence abroad can participate in federal elections in Germany and European elections. As a rule, German voters who reside permanently in non-EU countries abroad and are not resident in Germany any more, cannot participate in German state and local elections. However, German citizens who are living permanently in other EU countries can vote in municipal elections of their country of residence."In addition to the above sense, Auslandsdeutsche also refers to ethnic Germans in German-speaking communities abroad who descend from settlers in those countries generations or centuries ago (and therefore are mostly not citizens of Germany). To be unambiguous, modern-day German emigrants may be specified as "German citizens with permanent residence abroad" (Deutsche Staatsbürger mit ständigem Wohnsitz im Ausland).
The case is complicated by the German right of return law concerning Spätaussiedler, people who do not have German citizenship but who are in theory entitled to it because the German state considers them German nationals, like Volga Germans in Kazakhstan.
Significant communities of German citizens abroad are found in the following countries:


=== German citizens living abroad ===
Netherlands: 368,512 (2008, 2.19% of Dutch population, includes second-generation immigrants)
Switzerland: 265,944 (2009, 3.3% of Swiss population)
Austria: 124,710 (2008, 1.5% of Austrian population)
Australia: 106,524 (2006, 0.53% of Australian population)
United Kingdom: 92,000 (2008, 0.15% of UK population)
France: 75,057 (1999, 0.12% of French population).
Poland: 64,000 - both German and Polish citizenship (0.17% of Polish population, 2011), 45,000 - exclusively German citizenship (0.12%, 2011) 


=== People of German ethnicity living abroad ===
Romania: 36,884 (2011 census) (See: Germans in Romania)
Russia: 597,212 (2002, 0.4% of Russian population). (See: Germans in Russia)
Hungary: 131,951 ethnic Germans (1.9% of Hungarian population, 2011 census)  (See: Germans in Hungary)More statistics at German diaspora#Distribution.  There were 786,000 Germans in interwar Romania in 1939.
USA: Large numbers of German citizens live permanently in the U.S., especially academics, artists, computer experts, engineers, and businesspeople. According to the German Missions in the US, “German citizens living abroad are not required to register with the German Embassy, so we are unable to say how many German citizens live in America.” 
Some of those Germans abroad hold passports from both Germany and the United States.


== Travel freedom of German citizens ==

Visa requirements for German citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of Germany. In March 2019, German citizens had visa-free or visa-on-arrival access to 188 countries and territories, ranking the German passport 2nd in the world according to the Henley & Partners Passport Index.The German nationality is ranked number two as of 2018 in The Quality of Nationality Index (QNI). The ranking is considering internal factors such as peace & stability, economic strength, human development and external factors including travel freedom. France has taken number one after seven years, attributable mainly to the country’s former colonial empire.)


== References ==


== External links ==
Federal Agency for Immigration and Naturalisation (German language)
Nationality Law, Federal Ministry of Justice (Translation of the law in English)
Background Paper, German Citizenship





The Rosh HaAyin North railway station is a suburban passenger railway station in Israel, operated by Israel Railways. It is located in north Rosh HaAyin next to Kesem Interchange which connects Highway 5 with the Cross-Israel Highway.





Hollywood Hijinx is an interactive fiction computer game written by Dave Anderson and Liz Cyr-Jones and published by Infocom in 1986. The game was released for the  Apple II, Atari 8-bit family, Amstrad CPC, Amstrad PCW, Commodore 64, Amiga, Atari ST, TI-99/4A and MS-DOS. It was Infocom's twenty-third game.


== Plot ==
As the favorite among all of actor-director Buddy Burbank and Hildegarde Montague's nephews and nieces, the player's character stands to inherit the entirety of the Burbank estate, including their palatial home Hildebud, if the player can find the ten treasures (props from Buddy's films) that crafty Aunt Hildegarde has hidden on the grounds, that is. It all has to be done in the space of one night.
Hildebud is filled with props, posters, and other memorabilia from Buddy's numerous films: a model of Tokyo with Atomic Chihuahua, the Maltese Finch, and a statue of "Buck Palace, the Fighting Mailman" (star of such films as Postage Due and Special Delivery). There are hidden passages, a convoluted hedge maze, and other bizarre features of the estate. Strange noises sound like someone else is in the house.


== Feelies ==
In keeping with the Infocom tradition of feelies, or extra game-related items included in the package, Hollywood Hijinx contained a copy of Tinsel World, a fictional Hollywood tabloid, a "lucky" swizzle stick in the shape of a palm tree, an autographed picture of Uncle Buddy with a hint-laden inscription on the back, and Aunt Hildegarde's will.


== References ==


== External links ==
Hollywood Hijinx can be played for free in the browser at the Internet Archive
Hollywood Hijinx overview and information
Scans of Hollywood Hijinx package, documentation and feelies
Infocom-if.org's entry for Hollywood Hijinx





The former Second Church of Christ, Scientist, located at 655 Cedar Avenue, in Long Beach, California, is an historic structure that on April 1, 2005, was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It is now the Second Samoan Church.


== National register listing ==
Second Church of Christ Scientist (added 2005 - Building - #05000212)
Also known as Second Samoan Congregational Church
655 Cedar Ave., Long Beach
Historic Significance: 	Architecture/Engineering
Architect, builder, or engineer: 	Shields, Fisher and Lake
Architectural Style: 	Classical Revival
Area of Significance: 	Architecture
Period of Significance: 	1900-1924
Owner: 	Private
Historic Function: 	Education
Historic Sub-function: 	School
Current Function: 	Education
Current Sub-function: 	School


== See also ==
List of City of Long Beach Historic Landmarks
List of Registered Historic Places in Los Angeles County, California
List of former Christian Science churches, societies and buildings
Second Church of Christ, Scientist (disambiguation)
First Church of Christ, Scientist (Long Beach, California)


== References ==


== External links ==
National Register listing: Second Church of Christ, Scientist
Second Samoan Church website
City of Long Beach landmark listing for Second Church of Christ, Scientist





Chanch is a coastal village in Rajula Taluka of Amreli district, Gujarat, India.


== Geography ==
Chanch is situated near the mouth of the Motapat creek, on a rock on the shore of the Arabian Sea.


== History ==
The village probably derives its name from beak shaped seacoast, literally Chanch in Gujarati.Chanch was formerly infamous for it pirates so much that Gujarati term Chanchia became synonymous with pirate.


== Demographics ==
It had a population of 130 in 1880s. It has now population of around 13000 which lives in scattered houses in seven clusters.


== Economy ==
Fishery and labour in saltpans is major source of income. Pearls are found in the Chanch creek.


== Education ==
The village has three primary schools.


== Places of interest ==
There was a famous Baobab tree at Chanch, about 100 feet in circumference at a height of four feet from the ground. It was at least 2000 years old, and possibly was planted by one of the old navigators to or from the African coast. The tree is not considered indigenous to India, though found in many places. Usually, however, it is found growing near the coast. There are two or three of these trees growing along the southern coast of Saurashtra such as in Mahuva. It fell down in storm later.There is a bungalow on seashore built by Krishna Kumarsinhji Bhavsinhji of Bhavnagar State. The construction was started in 1945 and ended after 10 years at the cost of Rupees 20 Lakh. It has 88 rooms.


== References ==


== External links ==
About Chanch in Sorathne Tire Tire by Jhaverchand Meghani (on Gujarati Wikisource) This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Gazetteer of the Bombay Presidency: Kathiawar. VIII. Printed at the Government Central Press, Bombay. 1884. p. 403.





Ashwin Mushran is an Indian voice over artist and actor who currently resides in Mumbai, India. He has appeared in numerous movies and plays. He is also featured in the movie Quick Gun Murugan, as Dr. Django. He also lent his voice into dubbing several foreign media. He is the Official Hindi dub-over voice artist for Adam Sandler and Takeshi Kaneshiro.


== Career ==
Ashwin studied at the Doon School, Dehradun, and then graduated with a B.A (hons.) English Literature from Hindu College, University of Delhi. He then studied acting at the Drama Studio London. Ashwin started out with TV commercials which led to him becoming a cast member of the cult Indian TV show, The Great Indian Comedy Show. From there he moved on to acting in feature films and has acted in many critically acclaimed films such as Lage Raho Munna Bhai, Life in a Metro and Fashion. Ashwin is heavily involved with theatre and is a voice over artiste as well.


== Filmography ==
Sanju (2018)
Island City (2015)
Main Tera Hero (2014) – Angad's Doctor
Rise of the Zombie (2013)
Settai (2013)
Desi Boyz (2011) – Jerry's Lawyer
Always Kabhi Kabhi (2011) – Rahul Ghosh
Delhi Belly (2011)
Hum Tum Aur Ghost (2010) – Mr Kapoor's Son
Kambakkht Ishq (2009) – Parmeet
Quick Gun Murugun (2009) – Dr Django
Fashion (2008) – Rohit Khanna
Yeh Mera India (2008) – Amarjit Singh
The Mole (2008/I) – The Mob Boss
Krazzy 4 (2008) – Pranav
One, Two, Three (2008) D.M. Pipat
Ek Chalis Ki Last Local (2007)- Mr. Bajaj
Life in a Metro (2007)
I See You (2006) – Dr. Shah
Lage Raho Munna Bhai (2006) – Hari Desai
Kudiyon Ka Hai Zamaana (2006) – Cyrus


== Television ==
The Great Indian Comedy Show
Itna Karo Na Mujhe Pyar (2014–2015) – Karan Kapoor
Peterson Hill (2015) – Peterson
Kulfi Kumar Bajewala (2018) – Roshan Kumar (RK)


== Dubbing career ==
He's dubbed for more than 0 TV commercials and a number of movies in Africa English, and Chinese (both Mandarin and Cantonese); however, he said that he had no desire to dub for the leading men of Bollywood. He is the Official Hindi dub-over voice artist for American actor, Adam Sandler and Mandarin Chinese actor, Takeshi Kaneshiro.


== Dubbing roles ==


=== Live action films ===


=== Animated films ===


== References ==


== External links ==
Ashwin Mushran on IMDb 
[1]





Kurt Vincent Thomas (born October 4, 1972) is an American retired professional basketball player. Thomas is a 6'9", 230 lb. power forward-center known for his hard-nosed playing style and tough defense during his eight year tenure with the New York Knicks. Drafted by the Miami Heat in 1995, Thomas played college basketball at Texas Christian University.


== High school and college ==
Kurt began his basketball career on the playgrounds at Dallas Birdie Alexander Elementary, D.A. Hulcy Middle School, and there after on to Dallas Carter High before transferring to Hillcrest High.Thomas grew up in Dallas, and after graduating from Dallas's Hillcrest High School, he attended Texas Christian University, where he led the NCAA  Division I in scoring and rebounding in the 1994–95 season with 28.9 PPG and 14.6 RPG, becoming only the third player in history to accomplish this feat (the other two being Hank Gathers and Xavier McDaniel).


== NBA career ==


=== Miami Heat (1995-1997) ===
Thomas began his NBA career with the Miami Heat from 1995 to 1997. In his rookie season, he started 42 of his 74 games played. The following season, he only played 18 games before suffering a stress fracture in his right ankle, which required surgery. He would miss the rest of the season. During his rehab, Thomas, along with Sasha Danilović and Martin Müürsepp, were traded to the Dallas Mavericks for Jamal Mashburn.


=== Dallas Mavericks (1997-1998) ===
Thomas's playing career with Dallas was short. He only played 5 games before suffering another stress fracture in the same ankle he had previously injured. This placed him on the injured list for the remainder of the season. Then-coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach. In the offseason, Thomas decided to become a free agent, signing with the New York Knicks.


=== New York Knicks (1998–2005) ===
Thomas played seven seasons with the New York Knicks from 1998 to 2005, during which the team went to the playoffs four times, including two trips to the Eastern Conference Finals (1999 and 2000) and one trip to the NBA Finals (1999).


=== Phoenix Suns (2005–2007) ===
Thomas played two seasons with the Phoenix Suns from 2005 to 2007.


=== Seattle SuperSonics (2007–2008) ===
On July 20, 2007, Thomas, along with the Suns' first-round draft choices in 2008 and 2010, was traded by the Suns to the Seattle SuperSonics in exchange for a conditional second-round draft choice and an $8 million trade exception.


=== San Antonio Spurs (2008–2009) ===
Thomas was traded by the Sonics to the San Antonio Spurs on February 20, 2008, for Francisco Elson, Brent Barry, and a 2009 first round draft pick.


=== Milwaukee Bucks (2009–2010) ===
On June 23, 2009, Thomas was traded along with Bruce Bowen and Fabricio Oberto to the Milwaukee Bucks for Richard Jefferson.


=== Chicago Bulls (2010–2011) ===
On July 26, 2010, the Chicago Bulls announced that they had signed Kurt Thomas. Because of injuries to the Bulls' starting center Joakim Noah and power forward Carlos Boozer, Kurt Thomas saw some significant playing time, including 37 starts. When Noah and Boozer came back, he experienced minimal playing time with Ömer Aşık playing in front of him on the bench. Although his playing time was slim during this span, Kurt Thomas won the appeal of Chicago fans with some emphatic highlights which were referred to as "Turning back the Clock" and eventually earned him the nickname "Big Sexy". Thomas averaged more than 20 minutes per game during the 2010-11 season along with 4.1 points and 5.8 rebounds.


=== Portland Trail Blazers (2011–2012) ===
On December 11, 2011, the Portland Trail Blazers signed Thomas for the shortened 2011-2012 season. Though terms for the deal were not disclosed officially, it was reported to be a two-year contract.


=== Return to the Knicks (2012–2013) ===
On July 16, 2012, Thomas and Raymond Felton were traded to the New York Knicks for Jared Jeffries, Dan Gadzuric, the rights to Kostas Papanikolaou and Giorgos Printezis, and a second round draft pick. On April 12, 2013, the Knicks waived Thomas.


== NBA career statistics ==


=== Regular season ===


=== Playoffs ===


== See also ==
List of NCAA Division I men's basketball season rebounding leaders
List of NCAA Division I men's basketball season scoring leaders
List of National Basketball Association players with 1000 games played
List of oldest and youngest National Basketball Association players


== References ==


== External links ==

Career statistics and player information from NBA.com, or Basketball-Reference.com





Cyrille Charles (birth February 15, 1977 in St Lucia) is a former Saint Lucian cricketer who played for the Saint Lucia national cricket team in Stanford 20/20 in West Indian domestic cricket. He played as a right-handed batsman as well as right-arm medium-fast bowler.


== References ==


== External links ==
Cyrille Charles at ESPNcricinfo





Bourn Brook is a minor tributary of the River Cam in Cambridgeshire, England.


== Course ==
The Bourn Brook has its source just to the east of the village of Eltisley, 10 miles west of Cambridge, where the hills rise to around 60 metres above sea level. Minor tributaries known as the Eastern Brook, Hay Dean, Crow Dean and Gascote Dean merge just to the west of Caxton before it flows through Caxton, crossing the Roman road Ermine Street at its junction with the Bourn and Gransden roads.A footpath then follows its course to the outskirts of Bourn, where it is forded by the Caxton End road, and then bisects the village of Bourn. The village takes its name from the brook − "bourn" being another word for a brook.Flowing south-east from Bourn, it runs through Bourn Golf Course where it merges with the Dean Brook. Upon meeting the B1046 it turns east and runs alongside the former Varsity Line railway that closed in 1968. From this point until it reaches the River Cam it also forms the boundary between neighbouring parishes. Firstly it forms the northern parish boundary of Kingston then Great Eversden and the southern boundary of Caldecote and Toft, though at points it deviates slightly from the boundaries, indicating that its flow has altered since early medieval times.After skirting the southern edge of Toft village, it crosses the Prime Meridian still following the former railway line that is now used as part of the Mullard Radio Astronomy Observatory. Here it forms the southern boundary of Comberton and then Barton and the northern boundary of Little Eversden, Harlton, and Haslingfield parishes, though it flows some distance away from the villages themselves.
Finally it crosses the M11 motorway and forms the boundary between Grantchester and Haslingfield before flowing into the River Cam at Byron's Pool a few hundred metres south of Grantchester village, where the poet Lord Byron is reputed to have swum.


== Usage ==
Bourn Brook is used for angling, though there are few fish in its waters. The fish most commonly seen are small roach, dace and perch.


== Flooding ==
After exceptionally heavy rainfall, Bourn Brook has occasionally flooded, most notably in 2001 when significant damage was done to properties in Bourn and other villages. It regularly rises significantly in height making the Caxton End ford in Bourn impassable.
Information on the current height of the brook is available on Twitter.


== References ==





The Tekapo River flows occasionally through the Mackenzie Basin, Canterbury, in New Zealand's South Island, although the riverbed is now often dry in the upper reaches. It maintains a constant flow below the confluence of several tributaries, notably the Maryburn, Forks, and Grays rivers. The lower reaches (below the Maryburn confluence) are popular with anglers chasing brown and rainbow trout, although recent infestation by the invasive algae didymo (Didymosphenia geminata) has somewhat limited angling opportunities.

Originally, the river flowed southwest for 25 kilometres (16 mi) from the southern end of Lake Tekapo before joining with the Pukaki River and flowing into the northern end of Lake Benmore. However, the water from Lake Tekapo is now diverted via a canal to Lake Pukaki as part of the Waitaki hydroelectric scheme. These lakes are used to store water, and occasionally during a particularly heavy snow melt or if the power stations or canal need servicing, water may be spilt from either the dam or canal back into the riverbed. These events are much anticipated by kayakers, to the extent that they have been known to re-shape parts of the riverbed to create "better" rapids.





The 2017 US Open was the 137th edition of tennis' US Open and the fourth and final Grand Slam event of the year. It was held on outdoor hard courts at the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in New York City. Experimental rules featured in qualifying for the main draw as well as in the junior, wheelchair and exhibition events.
Stan Wawrinka and Angelique Kerber were the previous year's men's and women's singles champions. Neither managed to defend their title as Wawrinka withdrew before the start of the tournament due to a knee injury that ended his season, while Kerber lost in the first round to Naomi Osaka.
The men's singles tournament concluded with Rafael Nadal defeating Kevin Anderson in the final, while the women's singles tournament concluded with Sloane Stephens defeating Madison Keys in the final.


== Tournament ==

The 2017 US Open was the 137th edition of the tournament and took place at the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in Flushing Meadows–Corona Park of Queens in New York City, New York, United States. The tournament was held on 14 DecoTurf hard courts.
The tournament was an event run by the International Tennis Federation (ITF) and was part of the 2017 ATP World Tour and the 2017 WTA Tour calendars under the Grand Slam category. The tournament consisted of both men's and women's singles and doubles draws as well as a mixed doubles event. There were also singles and doubles events for both boys and girls (players under 18), which were part of the Grade A category of tournaments. Additionally, there were singles and doubles wheelchair tennis events for men, women and quads. 
The 2017 tournament saw the USTA try out two experimental rules. Firstly, the USTA introduced a shot clock to combat slow play and to address players going over the allotted time for warm ups and medical time outs. Secondly, coaching was allowed from the side of the court. Whilst a player was at the same end as their box they could verbally communicate, if they were at the opposite end then sign language would be allowed. This meant that coaching incidents involving Victoria Azarenka and Caroline Garcia at Wimbledon would have been allowed. The rules only applied in qualifying matches for the main draw, junior, wheelchair and legends matches.The tournament was played on hard courts and took place over a series of 15 courts with DecoTurf surface, including the two existing main showcourts – Arthur Ashe Stadium and the new Grandstand. Louis Armstrong Stadium, one of the main stadiums used in the previous tournament, was demolished after the 2016 tournament and was replaced for the 2017 edition by a temporary stadium located next to parking lot B near the construction of the previous Louis Armstrong Stadium site.


== Broadcast ==
In the United States, the 2017 US Open will be the third year in a row under an 11-year, $825 million contract with ESPN, in which the broadcaster holds exclusive rights to the entire tournament and the US Open Series. This means that the tournament is not available on broadcast television. This also makes ESPN the exclusive U.S. broadcaster for three of the four tennis majors. In Australia, SBS won the rights to broadcast the US Open with the free to air coverage starting from the quarter finals.


=== Américas ===
Latin America: ESPN
 Argentina: ESPN and TyC Sports
 Brazil: ESPN and SporTV
 Paraguay: ESPN and Tigo Sports
 Uruguay: ESPN and VTV


== Point and prize money distribution ==


=== Point distribution ===
Below is a series of tables for each of the competitions showing the ranking points on offer for each event.


==== Senior ====


=== Prize money ===
The total prize-money compensation for the 2017 US Open is $50.4 million, a 3.7% increase on the same total last year. Of that total, a record $3.7 million goes to both the men's and women's singles champions, which is increased to 7.5 percent from last year. This made the US Open the most lucrative and highest paying tennis grand slam in the world, leapfrogging Wimbledon in total prize money fund. Prize money for the US Open qualifying tournament is also up 49.2 percent, to $2.9 million. The total prize money for the wheelchair tennis events was $200,000.


== Singles players ==
Men's SinglesWomen's Singles


== Day-by-day summaries ==


== Singles seeds ==
Seeds are based on the ATP and WTA rankings as of August 21, 2017. Rank and points before are as of August 28, 2017.


=== Men's singles ===


==== Withdrawn players ====


=== Women's singles ===





Antoine Blanchard is the pseudonym under which the French painter Marcel Masson (15 November 1910 – 1988) painted his immensely popular Parisian street scenes. He was born in a small village near the banks of the Loire.


== Education and career ==
Blanchard received his initial artistic training at the Beaux-Arts in Rennes, Brittany. He then moved to Paris in 1932 where he joined the Ecole des Beaux-Arts. He won the Prix de Rome.
Like Édouard Cortès (1882–1969) and Eugène Galien-Laloue (1854–1941), Antoine Blanchard essentially painted Paris and the Parisians in bygone days, often from vintage postcards. The artist began painting his Paris street scenes in the late 1950s, and like Cortès, often painted the same Paris landmark many times, in different weather conditions or various seasons. The most recurrent topics were views of the capital city in cloudy or rainy days, showing streets busy with pedestrians in a rush to go home, and bright storefronts reflecting on wet streets. 
Antoine Blanchard died in 1988.


== Notes ==


== External links ==
Artnet Artworks by Antoine Blanchard
Antoine Blanchard Bio - Findlay Galleries
Antoine Blanchard - The Virtual Checklist





Lord Grizzly is a 1954 biographical novel by Frederick Manfred. It describes the survival ordeal of a real mountain man, Hugh Glass, who was attacked by a bear and abandoned in the wilderness by his companions ( a young Jim Bridger and John S. Fitzpatrick), on the assumption he could not possibly live. Glass, with a broken leg and open wounds, had to crawl most of the way to Fort Kiowa to reach safety. When crawling back, Hugh could only dwell on revenge against the men who abandoned him.
Lord Grizzly was Manfred's most successful book, and a finalist for the National Book Award in 1954.


== Further reading ==
Hugh Glass, Bruce Bradley (1999) ISBN 0-9669005-0-2
Lord Grizzly, Fredrick Manfred. (1954) ISBN 0-8032-8118-8
Saga of Hugh Glass: Pirate, Pawnee and Mountain Man, John Myers Myers (1976) ISBN 0-8032-5834-8





Brian Knutson is a Professor of Psychology and Neuroscience at Stanford University and director of the Symbiotic Project on Affective Neuroscience. His research focuses on the neural basis of emotion, and has been covered in multiple news sources.


== Education ==
He earned a dual Bachelor's degree in Psychology and Comparative Religion from Trinity University in 1989 and a Ph.D. in Psychology from Stanford University in 1993.


== Publications ==
He has published over 100 peer-reviewed articles which have received over 20,000 citations.[1]  His most cited work, "Anticipation of Increasing Monetary Reward Selectively Recruits Nucleus Accumbens", was published in Journal of Neuroscience in 2001.[2]


== References ==


== External links ==
Personal website
Symbiotic Project on Affective Neuroscience website
Documentary film clip (4 min)





Nikola Gruevski (Macedonian: Никола Груевски [ˈnikɔɫa ˈɡruefski] (listen); Hungarian: Nikola Gruevszki; born 31 August 1970) is a fugitive politician from North Macedonia who served as Prime Minister of the then-Macedonia from 2006 to 2016, and led the VMRO-DPMNE party from 2003 to 2017. Previously, he was Minister of Finance in the VMRO-DPMNE government led by Ljubčo Georgievski until 2002.
Under the Pržino Agreement mediated by the European Union, Gruevski agreed to resign and left his post on 18 January 2016.In May 2018 he was sentenced to two years in prison on corruption charges. In November 2018 he was ordered to serve his sentence but failed to check-in with authorities and instead fled to Hungary, where he sought and was granted political asylum.


== Personal life ==
Born in Skopje in 1970, Gruevski was brought up in a family that was neither privileged nor poor. His father worked in furniture and design and his mother was a nurse. After his parents’ divorce, he was raised by his mother. At the age of four, however, she went to work in Libya, like thousands of other Yugoslav citizens, and took him with her. After their return Gruevski completed primary and secondary education in Skopje. Having graduated from the Faculty of Economics at St. Clement of Ohrid University of Bitola in 1994 (where he dabbled in amateur theatre and boxing) he entered the nascent finance sector, and was the first person to trade on Skopje's stock exchange. During 1995 he worked as director of department in Multigroup owned Balkanbank, and became its exhibitioner till 1998. In 1996 he also acquired qualifications for the international capital market from a London Securities Institute. Gruevski founded the Brokerage Association of Macedonia in 1998 and made the first transaction on the Macedonian Stock Exchange.On 12 December 2006, he obtained a master's degree from the Faculty of Economics at Ss. Cyril and Methodius University of Skopje.Gruevski divorced his first wife and was married again in May 2007 to Borkica Gruevska with whom he has two daughters: Anastasija and Sofija.Gruevski's paternal grandparents came from the Ottoman Macedonia village of Krushoradi, where his grandfather Nikola Grouios (1911–1940) was born. Until the official Greek annexation after the Second Balkan War in 1913, it was under the jurisdiction of the Bulgarian Exarchate. The Greek administration later practised an assimilative anti-Bulgarian campaign, changing  the names of local villagers to the corresponding Greek names. The village itself was renamed by the Greek authorities to Achlada in 1926. Gruevski's grandfather fought in the Greco-Italian War, where he lost his life. His name is mentioned on the war memorial in Achlada among the names of the locals who were killed during World War II. Years later, during the Greek Civil War, Gruevski's grandmother and father fled north to what was then Yugoslav Macedonia, where they changed their family name to Gruevski in order to gain citizenship through assimilation, as was the Yugoslav policy at the time.Gruevski's maternal grandfather - Mihail D. Miyalkov was a pro-Bulgarian activist and a member of a Bulgarian club founded in Stip in November 1942, when the area was annexed by Bulgaria. His mother Nadezhda is also from Stip. She is a sister of the first Minister of the Interior of the Republic of Macedonia - Jordan Mijalkov. During the administration of Nikola Gruevski, his first cousin, Sašo Mijalkov was the director of the Administration for Security and Counterintelligence of the Republic of Macedonia.


== Political career ==


=== Minister of Finance (1999–2002) ===
The government under Ljubčo Georgievski sold the Macedonian Telecom to Hungarian Matáv and the OKTA oil refinery to Hellenic Petroleum. Gruevski also implemented financial reforms, including the reform of the payment system and the value added tax of 18%, requiring fiscal receipts for all Macedonian businesses, which was a program designed to fight tax evasion.


=== Party leader (2003–2017) ===
Gruevski is the leader of the nationalist ruling party VMRO-DPMNE. After VMRO-DPMNE was defeated in the 2002 parliamentary election, there was a period of infighting within the party. Gruevski emerged as the pro-EU leader, and he was elected as leader of the party after Ljubčo Georgievski left the position. The former prime minister set up his own party (VMRO-People's Party), but VMRO-DPMNE retained most of the party's supporters.


=== Prime Minister (2006–2016) ===

The VMRO-DPMNE won the July 2006 parliamentary election, and on 25 August 2006 he constituted the new government. His government had many new faces, mostly in their 30s, in key ministries and other positions. In the election Gruevski earned the distinction of becoming the first elected European head of government born in the 1970s.In June 2007, Gruevski attended a meeting in Tirana, Albania, along with President of the United States George W. Bush, Prime Minister of Albania Sali Berisha, and Prime Minister of Croatia Ivo Sanader.The coalition led by his party, VMRO-DPMNE, won the 1 June 2008 parliamentary election, their second electoral victory in a row, winning more than half of the seats in the parliament. The polling was marred by a number of violent incidents and allegations of fraud in some ethnic Albanian dominated municipalities. Gruevski created a government with the ethnic Albanian political party Democratic Union for Integration.

The coalition led by his party, VMRO-DPMNE, won the 5 June 2011 parliamentary election, their third electoral victory in a row, winning 56 out of the 123 seats in the parliament. Objections of misuse of state resources, including the blackmail of over one hundred thousand public servants to act as agitators were neglected, and the elections were declared valid. Gruevski formed the new government, again in coalition with the Democratic Union for Integration.
On 6 January 2012, Gruevski opened the triumphal arch "Porta Macedonia" in Skopje as a monument to 20th anniversary of Macedonian independence, and admitted that he personally has been the instigator of the Skopje 2014 project.On 27 April 2014, VMRO-DPMNE won the parliamentary election, providing Gruevski another term as Prime Minister.


==== Wiretapping scandal and resignation ====
In May 2015, protests occurred in Skopje against Gruevski and his government. The demonstrations began following charges being brought against Zoran Zaev, the opposition leader, who responded by alleging that Gruevski had had 20,000 Macedonian officials and other figures wiretapped, and had covered up the murder of a young man by a police officer in 2011. A major protest occurred on 5 May, with violent clashes between activists and police, causing injuries on both sides. In the days following, the opposition claimed that more anti-government actions would occur, which they did later that month. Several ministers, including the interior minister, resigned. Gruevski initially refused to step down, saying on 16 May that "if I back down it would be a cowardly move ... I’ll face down the attacks." However, on 15 January 2016, Emil Dimitriev was nominated as Prime Minister and he assumed office on 18 January, following the arranged pre-electoral resignation of  Gruevski from the position, as part of the Przino Agreement.


== Post-premiership (since 2017) ==
In July 2017, a Macedonian court ordered the seizure of the passports of Gruevski and four other officials of his party, including former interior minister Gordana Jankuloska and former transportation minister Mile Janakieski, in connection with the wiretapping case.In December 2017, Gruevski resigned as leader of the VMRO-DPMNE, following the party's major defeat by the Social Democratic Union in local elections.


=== Trial ===
In January 2017 the Macedonian Special Prosecutor's Office launched the 'Tank' investigation in which two individuals were accused of using their official position and authority in the period from February to October 2012 to complete an illegal public procurement of a Mercedes-Benz 600 worth €600,000 and "fulfil the wishes" of Gruevski who was Prime Minister at the time. On 23 May 2018 Gruevski was sentenced to two years in prison for unlawfully influencing government officials in the purchase of the luxury bulletproof car.On 9 November 2018, the Skopje Criminal Court rejected Gruevski's appeals for a postponement of his prison sentence and on 10 November he didn't appear for the start of his two-year sentence. He had been last seen in Macedonia on 8 November at a hotel in Skopje. The Macedonian authorities issued an arrest warrant against the fugitive. VMRO-DPMNE's leader, Hristijan Mickoski defended Gruevski and described the arrest warrant and police search against him as "political persecution" and a "witch-hunt", adding that VMRO-DPMNE is "under police siege".


=== Fugitive ===

On 13 November, Gruevski announced through his Facebook account that he had fled to Hungary, where he applied for political asylum. Gruevski was seen as having particularly close relations with the right-wing national conservative Fidesz's head, and Prime Minister of Hungary, Viktor Orbán, who opposed the Prespa agreement between Greece and Macedonia and supported VMRO-DPMNE's hardline position against it. Orbán has reportedly described Gruevski's escape as "an interesting story, exciting, like all crime stories".Despite his passport having been confiscated, Gruevski successfully escaped and concerns arose that he probably used a Bulgarian one. However, according to Bulgarian authorities, Gruevski has never applied for Bulgarian citizenship. It was later confirmed by Albanian police that, with the aid of the Hungarian government which escorted him using Hungarian diplomatic vehicles, Gruevski had passed through Albania, Montenegro and Serbia before arriving in Hungary.Interpol alerted that Gruevski is wanted under an international arrest warrant and the Macedonian government filed a formal extradition request. Hungary's opposition parties are calling on the Hungarian government to arrest and quickly extradite the fugitive former prime minister back to Macedonia.On 20 November 2018, Gruevski was granted political asylum by the Hungarian authorities.Gruevski has condemned the Prespa agreement and stated that Prime Minister Zoran Zaev "scammed" and "tricked" the Macedonian people over the name change of the country and that Greek politicians imposed an unfavourable deal upon Macedonia that outlines exclusive claims over "antique history" by Greece.


== Awards and recognition ==


=== Recognitions ===
2014: Order St. Nicholas – Highest Award of Štip
2015: Order Baptist (Preteca) from Saint Jovan Bigorski Monastery


=== Awards ===
Vienna Economic Forum award – for contribution to national and regional economic development (2011)


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Gruevski, Nikola and Vaknin, Sam Macedonian Economy on a Crossroads, Skopje, NIP Noval Literatura, 1998. ISBN 9989-610-01-0
Gruevski, Nikola, The Way Out


== External links ==
Biography of Gruevski at the Homepage of the Government of the Republic of Macedonia
Book: Makedonskata ekonomija na krstopat : na patot kon pozdrava ekonomija by Nikola Gruevski and Sam Vaknin





Huntleys Cove is a suburb in the Northern Suburbs of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. Huntleys Cove is located 9 kilometres north-west of the Sydney central business district, in the local government area of the Municipality of Hunter's Hill. Huntleys Cove sits on the peninsula between Tarban Creek and the Parramatta River.


== History ==
Huntleys Cove was originally part of the suburb of Gladesville and a site of part of the Gladesville Mental Hospital. When it became a separate suburb it was known as Tarban, taking its name from Tarban Creek. This was changed to Huntleys Cove in 2002 after residents voted on the issue.


== Population ==
At the 2011 census, there were 736 residents in Huntleys Cove. The median age of residents was 49 and people aged 65 years and over made up 23.5% of the population. The majority of people were born in Australia and the most common ancestries were English, Australian and Irish. The median household weekly income was quite high at $2,069. There was a high rate of participation in voluntary work, with 26.3% of people volunteering in the previous 12 months.


== Landmarks ==
Tarban Creek is a Lower North Shore estuary of great importance to Sydney Harbour, the Parramatta River and the Ryde-Hunters Hill waterways & stormwater systems. Tarban Creek Bridge links Huntleys Point north to Hunters Hill.
The UNSW Rowing Club has maintained a boatshed and pontoon at Huntley's Cove since 1966. Since 2009 the club has also shared a second modern boathouse and clubrooms with the rowing club of the Sydney Girls High School situated close to the southern underspan of the Tarban Creek bridge.

		
		


== References ==
The Book of Sydney Suburbs, Compiled by Frances Pollen, Angus & Robertson Publishers, 1990, Published in Australia ISBN 0-207-14495-8


== External links ==
Discover Hunters Hill





São Patrício is a municipality in the northwestern portion of the Brazilian  state of Goiás.


== Location ==
São Patrício is located 42 km. west of Ceres.  Highway connections from Goiânia:  GO-070 / Goianira / Inhumas / GO-154 / Itaguaru / Uruana / Carmo do Rio Verde / GO-460.  See Seplan
Neighboring municipalities are  Morro Agudo de Goiás, Rubiataba, Carmo do Rio Verde, Itapuranga


== Demographics ==
Population Density: 15.25/km² (2007)
Urban population:  980
Population growth rate: 1.60% 2000/2007


== The economy ==
The economy is based on subsistence agriculture, cattle raising (19,000 head in 2006), services, public administration, and small transformation industries.  There was one dairy in 2007.  There were 260 farms in 2006 with 12,385 hectares of cropland and pasture.  
The main crops were rice (250 hectares), sugarcane (2,000 hectares), beans, manioc, passion fruit, corn (600 hectares), and tomatoes.


== Health and education ==
There were 03 schools with 588 students (2006).  The adult literacy rate was 84.0% (2000) (national average was 86.4%).  In the health sector there were no hospitals.  The infant mortality rate was 22.85 (2000) (national average was 33.0).  The Municipal Human Development Index score was 0.728. For the complete list see frigoletto.com.br


== Temperatures ==
→ Winter temperatures: low: 14 °C/high: 32 °C;
→ Spring temperatures: low: 23 °C/high: 36 °C;
→ Summer temperatures: low: 22 °C/high: 29 °C;
→ Autumn temperatures: low: 17 °C/high: 29 °C.


== See also ==
List of municipalities in Goiás


== References ==

Frigoletto
Sepin





Casey Jean Stoney  (born 13 May 1982) is an English former footballer who currently coaches Manchester United Women. A versatile defender, she was capped more than 100 times for the England women's national football team since making her debut in 2000. After being a non playing squad member at UEFA Women's Euro 2005, she was an integral part of the England teams which reached the UEFA Women's Euro 2009 final and the quarter finals of the FIFA Women's World Cup in 2007 and 2011. In 2012 Stoney succeeded Faye White as the England captain and also became captain of the newly formed Team GB squad for the 2012 London Olympics. She ended her playing career at Liverpool Ladies. She was appointed as the first head coach of the newly-formed Manchester United Women on 8 June 2018.


== Club career ==
Stoney joined Chelsea Ladies at the age of 12, and moved on to Arsenal Ladies in 1999. She was already an England international when she joined Charlton Athletic Ladies in the summer of 2002 in search of regular first-team football. She also took up a scholarship at The Football Association's National Player Development Centre at Loughborough University. In a successful first season Stoney captained Charlton to their first FA Women's Cup final.
She led Charlton to success in the FA Women's Premier League Cup in 2004, the FA Women's Cup in 2005 as Charlton beat Everton 1–0, and the 2–1 victory over Arsenal in the 2006 Premier League Cup. When Charlton disbanded their entire women's section following the relegation of Charlton Athletic men's team in 2007, Stoney expressed a forceful opinion: I'm disgusted with the club – the men get relegated and we get punished. The club's only trophies in recent years have been won by the women's team – and in the last four seasons we were the only side apart from Arsenal to win major honours. Seven weeks ago we played in front of a record crowd at the FA Cup final – that's now our last match and I'm totally gutted for everyone involved on the women's side. I just hope that what has happened to us doesn't reverberate around the women's game – otherwise it will be in serious trouble.

In July 2007 she signed for Chelsea Ladies along with Charlton and England teammate Eniola Aluko. In February 2009 she became player-manager until the end of the season, following the resignation of Steve Jones. At Stoney's recommendation, Matt Beard took over as manager for 2009–10.On 13 March 2010 Stoney announced on Twitter that she had signed for FA WSL rivals Lincoln Ladies to play alongside England stars such as Sue Smith and Jess Clarke. Stoney stated that Lincoln offered the prospect of full-time training, which Chelsea were unable to match. Keith Boanas, her manager at Charlton, revealed that Stoney is a Chelsea supporter so found the decision extremely difficult. Stoney re-joined Arsenal on a two-year deal for the 2014 season, citing her desire to win more trophies.On 13 December 2016, Liverpool confirmed that Stoney had signed with the club. She played her last match at the club on 21 February 2018. She subsequently retired to take a role in Phil Neville's backroom team in the England women's national team.


== International career ==
Stoney came through England's under–age squads, making her debut for the senior side in August 2000 as a substitute against France. She was named in the provisional 30–player squad for Euro 2001 but did not make the final list of 20 and remained on the standby list. She made her first start in March 2002 against Norway, and, after spells in central defence and at right back, went on to become England's first choice left back. In February 2003 Stoney wore the captain's armband when regular skipper Karen Walker was substituted in a 1–0 friendly defeat to Italy. Her first senior international goal came as England beat Portugal 4–0 in the Algarve Cup in March 2005.Stoney was named in the squad for Euro 2005, hosted in England, but remained unused as the hosts made a group stage exit. Her disappointment was such that she considered retiring from international football. But by the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup in China, Stoney, preferred to Rachel Unitt at left back, was one of four England players to play every minute of every match as they lost a quarter final 3–0 to the United States. Stoney won the Nationwide International Player of the Year award for the 2007–08 season, ahead of Anita Asante and Alex Scott. In May 2009, Stoney was one of the first 17 female players to be given central contracts by The Football Association (FA).At the Euro 2009 final tournament in Finland, Stoney recovered from a red card in a 2–1 opening match defeat to Italy to help England reach the final. Stoney explained that for many players this was not only the best moment of their careers, but possibly the happiest moment in their lives.Stoney started all four of England's games at the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup, and converted her kick in the quarter-final penalty shoot-out defeat to France. When pregnant Faye White retired from international football in 2012, Hope Powell appointed Stoney as the new England captain. "It's an absolute honour, the biggest privilege I've ever been given," was Stoney's response.In 2013, Stoney became the first female member of the Professional Footballers' Association's management committee. She led England into their Euro 2013 campaign but the team performed poorly and finished in last place, to her "bitter disappointment". When England's longstanding manager Hope Powell was sacked, Stoney was left out of new boss Mark Sampson's first squad due to a foot injury. Sampson informed Stoney that her captaincy was under review, a decision she understood. Stephanie Houghton was then named as her successor as captain.After being called for her third straight World Cup, Stoney said the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup in Canada would be her last. Mostly coming out of the bench, Stoney was part of the first English team to qualify for the semifinals. She played her last international match in a friendly against France on 21 October 2017.


=== International goals ===
Scores and results list England's goal tally first.


=== Great Britain Olympic ===
In June 2012 Stoney was named in the 18–player Great Britain squad formed for the 2012 London Olympics. The group was selected by England manager Hope Powell and comprised 16 English players plus Scots Kim Little and Ifeoma Dieke. Stoney was confirmed in her role as captain.


==== International goals ====
Scores and results list Great Britain's goal tally first.


== Managerial career ==
In February 2009, she became Chelsea Ladies player-manager until June 2009 following the resignation of Steve Jones. She retired in 2018 to take a role in Phil Neville's backroom team in the England women's national team. On 8 June 2018, she was appointed as the first head coach of the newly-formed Manchester United Women.


=== Managerial statistics ===
As of 3 February 2019


== Personal life ==
In November 2012, Stoney was named 50th on The Independent newspaper's Pink List of influential lesbian and gay people in the UK. On 10 February 2014, Stoney first publicly acknowledged that she was gay. She is in a relationship with her former Lincoln team mate Megan Harris. On 16 July 2014, she announced that Harris is pregnant with twins. Megan gave birth to their twins, Teddy and Tilly, on 8 November 2014.In May 2015 the University of Essex announced that it would be awarding Stoney an honorary degree.Stoney’s third child Willow Olive was born on 12 December 2017.


== Honours ==
FA Women's Premier League National Division:2000–01, 2001–02FA Women's Cup:2000–01, 2004–05, 2013–14, 2015–16FA Women's Premier League Cup:1999–00, 2000–01, 2003–04, 2005–06FA International Player of the Year Award:2007–08


== References ==


== External links ==
Casey Stoney profile at the Football Association's website





Environmental risk transition is the process by which traditional communities with associated environmental health issues become more economically developed and experience new health issues. In traditional or economically undeveloped regions, humans often suffer and die from infectious diseases or of malnutrition due to poor food, water, and air quality. As economic development occurs, these environmental issues are reduced or solved, and others begin to arise. There is a shift in the character of these environmental changes, and as a result, a shift in causes of death and disease.


== Risk transition framework ==

Several transition frameworks have been established to better understand the impacts of socioeconomic development. Of these, the oldest and most well-known framework is the Demographic transition framework, which was established in the 1940s. This describes the shift from high fertility and high mortality in underdeveloped societies to lower fertility and mortality rates as a result of development. Then around 1970, the Epidemiological transition framework was used to characterize changes in the health of societies during development. To better categorize causes of death and disease when studying the epidemiological shifts more well-defined categories were created to describe illnesses and injuries:
I. Traditional, infectious, nutritional, perinatal, and maternal causes
II. Modern, cancer, heart, neuro-psychiatric, chronic lung, diabetes, and congenital causes
III. Non-transitional injuries, both unintentional and intentionalIn 1990, environmental health researcher Kirk R. Smith at the University of California, Berkeley proposed the "risk transition" framework in relation to the established demographic and epidemiological transition frameworks. This theory was based on the concept that there must be a shift in risk factors leading up to a shift in causes of death and disease. In efforts to prevent, rather than respond to diseases, the risk transition was further studied and quantified. Figure 1 shows the relationship between risk, epidemiological, and demographic transition, in which risk factors change to affect patterns of disease and health, which in turn affects the demographic. However, a shift in population also impacts the risk factors, and so these three frameworks all show significant impact on one another.
The "environmental risk transition" framework further developed by Smith then more specifically categorizes the risks as traditional and modern as well as spatially.  Based on the framework, during the first stages of development, environmental health issues concentrated in the household, such as poor sanitation, are resolved by shifting them into the community, causing issues such urban pollution. This can be labeled as traditional and modern risks, respectively. Then, upon further development, these risks in the community are decreased and shifted to the global environment, creating concern for changes such as heightened greenhouse gas emissions, etc. Modern risks, in contrast to traditional risks, tend to be accrued over time in which adverse effects do not not have single identifiable causes. These categorizations were made since it was found that the majority of environmental risks associated with category I diseases presented itself in the household, and as these were resolved with development, the impact of environmental causes of category II diseases became more significant and emerged at the community level. This concept is illustrated in Figure 2.


== Quantifying ==
Utilizing data from the Global Burden of Disease Study (GBD) and the Comparative Risk Assessment (CRA) managed by the World Health Organization (WHO), empirical data was gathered to test the environmental risk transition framework.


=== Measuring development ===
Well established metrics of quantifying development in a society include income per capita adjusted for local purchasing power in 2000. This is termed dollars of gross domestic product/capita, adjusted for purchasing power ($PPP/capita). Similarly, the Human Development Index (HDO), utilizes a combination of purchasing power income per capita, life expectancy, and education level in 2000 to measure development in a population.


=== Risk metric ===
To understand the effects of environmental risks internationally, a per capita measure of a risk factor's impact is more useful, so risks were quantified in percent of total disease burden measured in % Disability-adjusted life years (DALYs) and burden per capita (DALYs per 1000 capita).


==== Household ====
The following summarizes the three major environmental risks present in households with young children most at risk:

Poor water, sanitation, and hygiene significantly contribute to cases of diarrhea.
Solid fuel use, such as biomass or coal used for cooking and heating emit pollutants that contribute to acute lower respiratory infections, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and lung cancer.
Lack of household management, such as screening, pesticides, and bed nets leads to significant levels of malaria today.With increased development as indicated in dollars of gross domestic product/capita, adjusted for purchasing power ($PPP/capita) the household environmental risks declined considerably. Between poor and rich countries as determined by $PPP/capita, there was a more than two orders of magnitude decline observed in household risks.


==== Community ====

The following names major environmental risks are present at the community level:

Urban outdoor air pollution .
Lead pollution from gasoline and industrial sources.
Occupational risks such as carcinogens, injuries, noise, and poor ergonomics.
Traffic accidents for both drivers and pedestrians.It has been found that there are more rises and falls in community risks with development in comparison to household risks, and the pattern of risk is more complicated and not as pronounced. However, a general pattern of overall rising with development, then following can be seen in traffic accidents and air pollution. Lead and occupational risks, however, displayed varying significantly.


==== Global ====
The WHO CRA only analyzed one environmental risk that presents itself at the global level:

Climate change, which currently has relatively insignificant impact on human health.No data was collected for other global risks such as ozone depletion and land-use changes for the project. It has been found that climate change has thus far had minimal impact on human health worldwide. However, exposure to climate change will continue to increase in future years, which may magnify prevalent risks such as malaria. Results show that risks from climate change decreased with increased development, highlighting that poorer populations are more susceptible and in contact with the diseases affected by climate change. This contradicts the environmental transition framework since it takes account of where the risk is experienced rather than where it originates from. However, it remains true, that as development proceeds, the global risk of climate change expands as well.


=== Limitationsd ===
Many important environmental health risks could not be addressed and analyze throughout the study. Considered, a "super distal risk factor", environmental risk factors have some influence in every disease. Thus, the study assigned at least 5% of environmental burden of disease of every disease to the environment, with larger proportions to diseases like diarrhea with direct attribution to environmental factors. With no better and reasonable method of accounting for environmental factors, the uniform 5% distribution is not realistic, but was used as a way to account for the estimated burden of environmental factors in diseases. A better understanding of the full causal web establishing various relationships between environmental and other risk factors to their respective diseases would be necessary for a more comprehensive study.
Furthermore, the study does not take into account high-consequence, low probability hazards which include natural disasters (earthquakes, tsunamis), high-impact technological failures (nuclear explosion), new and old infectious diseases caused by human activities such as trade, tourism, etc.


=== Conclusion ===
Main conclusions:
Category I (infectious diseases) in poor countries dominates the world burden of ill health.
There is no apparent substitution of Category II (chronic) disease for category I during development as is often instead. The data showed that both categories of diseases decreased with increased wealth.
Category III (injuries) risks decrease with increased wealth.A true and comprehensive test of the environmental risk transition hypothesis remains unattainable with the accessible data. However, by using the database of the WHO CRA project, a cross-sectional analysis of environmental health transition reveals some valuable takeaways:

A significant amount of infectious diseases found in poor countries is caused by household environmental risks, as much as one fifth of all disease in poor countries.
Household environmental risks decline significantly and nearly uniformly with development.
Community risks account for 4.3% of the GBD, with highest rates in middle-income countries.
Impacts of lead and occupational risks show less consistent trends than road traffic accidents and air pollution potentially because of regulatory and technological intervention.
Global risk from climate change accounts for 0.4% of GBD and is sharply declining with development.
The source of global risk however, is trending steeply upwards
trends of environmental risk at different spatial scales generally support the environmental risk transition hypothesis.


== Risk overlap ==
In the environmental risk transition framework, there exists the concept of "risk overlap" which describes societies that experience both the traditional and modern, household and community risks simultaneously. The population that is especially susceptible to this condition is the urban slum. People tend to live in poor household environments while also affected by the contamination of the city, such as air pollution, traffic, and solid waste. Risk overlap creates interactions between different risks such as:

Risk genesis: New risks are generated, such toxic wastes from garbage dumps.
Risk transfer: Attempts to control one risk may cause other risks to increase in severity, such as using pesticides for disease prevention.
Risk synergism: One risk alters the sensitivity or susceptibility to other risks, such as increased mortality of undernourished children who have limited access to health services.These overlap situations may further concentrate the harmful effects of environment risks present in the community and deepen the burden of disease and ill-health. The poorer populations thus have to bear the brunt of the adverse environmental changes brought by development in additional to those brought by global climate change.


== References ==





The Booneville Commercial Historic District encompasses the early 20th-century commercial heart of Booneville, Arkansas.  Located on the east side of the 100 and 200 blocks of North Broadway Avenue are line with commercial buildings, most of which were built between about 1900 and 1920.  The city had originally been located south of this location, but was relocated beginning in 1899 due to the arrival of the railroad joining Little Rock, Arkansas and McAlester, Oklahoma.  Most of the buildings are in typical early 20th century vernacular commercial styling.The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.


== See also ==
National Register of Historic Places listings in Logan County, Arkansas


== References ==





The Zanthus train collision occurred at a crossing loop on the Trans-Australian Railway between Perth and Sydney on 18 August 1999.  It is located 739 km (459 mi) east northeast of Perth and 202 km (126 mi) east of Kalgoorlie in Western Australia, on the Nullarbor Plain.


== Incident ==
On 18 August 1999 an eastbound freight train was waiting at the departure end of the crossing loop for the westbound Indian Pacific passenger train to pass through.The second engineman was waiting at the control panel for the points for the opposing train to pass through.  Out of habit he had the control panel box unlocked and opened.  Unfortunately, out of habit, he pressed the button to operate the points at an inappropriate time, and the opposing train was diverted at a speed of about 40 km/h (25 mph) into the loop where it could not stop in time to avoid a head-on collision.  The actual speed of impact as recorded by the locomotive data logger on NR 15 was 27 km/h.


== Injuries and damage ==
Twenty-one passengers and crew from the Indian Pacific were airlifted by the Royal Flying Doctor Service to Kalgoorlie Hospital from the remote Coonana airstrip, 40 km (25 mi) from the crash site. Only two passengers were admitted for overnight observations. Westrail provided two Prospector railcars to transfer the remainder of the passengers back to Kalgoorlie.
All nineteen coaches of the Indian Pacific received varying degrees of damage, from minor internal damage to the write-off of luggage/smoking car HM311; some abandoned wrecked carriages are still at the site.  At the time, Great Southern Rail estimated the damage to the coaches to be of the value of $5 million. National Rail Corporation estimated the damage to locomotives NR15 and NR51 at around $1 million.


== Aftermath ==
Since the accident, the operation of the points at this and other crossing loops has been altered so that the point indicator lights will not operate until the access process is completed, and this gives all trains time to stop at the red point indicator lights.
The simplified overview of process is: 

access box - 120-180 second delay all line points are/changed to red
door opens
60-90 second delay until point control inputs are accepted, points can then be changed.
close door/seal box, lights are changed to indicate point positions.All traffic then proceeds as directed.
This accident happened because the points were not fully interlocked, and were merely a kind of power-assisted hand lever, with automatic normalisation.


== See also ==
Railway accidents in Western Australia


== Notes ==


== External links ==
Railfan report
"Collision Indian Pacific Passenger Train 3AP88 and Freight Train 3PW4N" (PDF). 14 September 1999. Retrieved 28 January 2008.
ATSB Report





Halifax, formally known as Halifax Regional Municipality, is located in Nova Scotia, Canada.  The municipality is governed by a mayor (elected at large) and a sixteen-person Regional Council, who are elected by geographic district; municipal elections occur every leap year.The Halifax Regional Council has also established smaller "community councils" wherein three or more councilors from a geographic area agree to form these councils to deal primarily with local development issues.  Most community council decisions are subject to final approval by regional council.The Halifax Regional Council has responsibility for the Halifax Regional Police, Halifax Public Libraries, Halifax Regional Fire and Emergency, Halifax Regional Water Commission, Halifax Transit, parks and recreation, public works and waste management.


== Emergency services ==
Two areas of contention during the post-amalgamation years have been in the areas of police and fire services.


=== Police services ===
Halifax Regional Police is an amalgamation of the municipal forces from the City of Halifax, City of Dartmouth, and Town of Bedford.  Areas that were formerly part of the Municipality of the County of Halifax were policed by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) under a provincial policing contract.
Since amalgamation, HRP has been restricted to patrolling the former cities of Halifax and Dartmouth, the Sambro loop and the town of Bedford, while the RCMP provide rural policing services as well as highway traffic enforcement.  Jurisdictional boundaries have been relaxed in recent years, allowing more integration between both forces to allow for better coverage and response.


=== Fire services ===
Unlike policing services, Halifax Fire and Emergency (HRFE) is an amalgamation of all fire departments in Halifax County.  This created some controversy in rural areas where predominantly volunteer fire companies were being stripped of equipment and trucks which local communities had fund-raised for during the pre-amalgamation period; this equipment was being relocated to service the urban core.  This has since been halted, although there is still some tension between the professional paid HRFE members in the urban core and their volunteer rural counterparts.


== Municipal budget ==
Since its creation, rapid property value increases and new construction have resulted in HRM's budget growing to $589 million in 2005/06, up from $439 million in 1996.  This has allowed HRM to proceed with major capital projects such as an extension of municipally-supplied water to Fall River, breaking ground on the new sewage treatment system (Harbour Solutions), and establishment of Metrolink, a bus rapid transit system.


== Federal representation ==
The Halifax Regional Municipality is represented by the following federal ridings:
  Halifax Metropolitan Area 

Halifax
Halifax WestDartmouth Metropolitan Area

Dartmouth—Cole Harbour Bedford

Halifax WestRest of the municipality

Halifax West
Sackville—Eastern Shore
Central Nova
Cumberland—Colchester—Musquodoboit Valley
South Shore—St. Margaret's


== Provincial representation ==
In the last three provincial elections over 50% of the population of HRM who voted, has voted for the provincial New Democratic Party (NDP), placing the region's voters outside the mainstream of provincial politics in outlying more rural areas which are split between a Liberal/Conservative voting pattern.  It can be argued that HRM's recent voting pattern has actually placed the provincial (and federal) NDP or social democratic politics in general, into the political mainstream for the province. That being said, a majority of the people voted for the Liberals this past election.


== See also ==
Halifax Regional Municipality municipal election, 2004
Halifax Regional Municipality municipal election, 2008
Halifax Regional Municipality municipal election, 2012
Halifax Regional Municipality municipal election, 2016


== References ==





A.S.P. Air Strike Patrol (known as Desert Fighter in Europe and Desert Fighter: Suna no Arashi Sakusen (デザートファイター：砂の嵐作戦) in Japan) is an isometric shoot 'em up published by SETA for the SNES.
The game is based somewhat upon the Gulf War.  As a pilot in the Air Strike Patrol, the player's aim is to stop Zarak (Iraq) from invading Sweit (Kuwait).
The player gains points for judgement in managing resources, attack power and political sensitivity.  The total of these determines which text is displayed when the game is finished.  The dogfights make the game more diverse and the cheat options e.g. ability to destroy buildings with the chain gun give variety.  Lots of optional targets to destroy on the open map too but take too long and you fail the mission.


== References ==





Donald Richard Gibb (born August 4, 1954), sometimes credited as Don Gibb, is an American actor, best known for his roles as the hulking, dimwitted fraternity brother Ogre in several installments of the Revenge of the Nerds film series, as Ray Jackson in Bloodsport and as Leslie Dr. Death Krunchner on the HBO sitcom 1st & Ten.


== Life and career ==
Raised in California, Gibb attended Notre Dame High School in Sherman Oaks, California. Upon graduation he went to the University of New Mexico on a basketball scholarship, where he joined Phi Delta Theta fraternity. He then transferred to University of San Diego to play football. Don Gibb played basketball for the University of San Diego team on scholarship. Gibb played briefly for the San Diego Chargers before turning to acting, beginning with small, uncredited roles in Stripes and Conan the Barbarian.
Gibb is best known for his Ogre character portrayed first in Revenge of the Nerds and later in Revenge of the Nerds II: Nerds in Paradise and Revenge of the Nerds IV: Nerds in Love. Chugging beer from a trophy, throwing nerds off fraternity buildings and competing in belching contests, Gibb gleefully played up his former days as a college football jock.
Gibb's other famous recurring role was in a string of martial arts pictures. As an American entrant named Ray Jackson, he starred alongside Jean-Claude Van Damme in Bloodsport, and alone in the 1996 Bloodsport sequel. Gibb has appeared in more than 25 movies including Jocks and Amazon Women on the Moon. Subsequently, he also played a small role in the PC game Zork: Grand Inquisitor as the man in the third portal with Lucy and can be seen in a brief role in the film Hancock, starring Will Smith.
Gibb gained notoriety on HBO's 1st & Ten, as Leslie Dr. Death Krunchner, a linebacker. Gibb played the role from 1984 until 1991, making him one of the few members of the fictional California Bulls to last the entire seven-year run. After, he played the illiterate biker Scab on the 1992 Fox sitcom Stand By Your Man, which co-starred Melissa Gilbert and Rosie O'Donnell, and played small roles in Quantum Leap, MacGyver, Magnum P.I., Night Court, Cheers, Renegade, The X-Files, The A-Team, and Step by Step.
Gibb is the spokesman and co-owner for Chicago bar Trader Todd's, through which Gibb is marketing Ogre beer, named after his iconic character in Revenge of the Nerds.


== References ==


== External links ==
Donald Gibb on IMDb 
Donald Gibb at the Celebritystate





The pidkova (Ukrainian: Підкова), literally  "Horseshoe". 
In some Ukrainian folk instrument ensembles a steel horseshoe dangling from the end of a gut string is struck with a piece of metal wire. This produced a high-pitched ringing sound similar to a triangle.


== See also ==
Ukrainian folk music


== Sources ==
Humeniuk, A. - Ukrainski narodni muzychni instrumenty - Kiev: Naukova dumka, 1967
Mizynec, V. - Ukrainian Folk Instruments - Melbourne: Bayda books, 1984
Cherkasky, L. - Ukrainski narodni muzychni instrumenty // Tekhnika, Kiev, Ukraine, 2003 - 262 pages. ISBN 966-575-111-5





The Colt Single Action Army, also known as the Single Action Army, SAA, Model P, Peacemaker, M1873, and Colt .45 is a single-action revolver with a revolving cylinder holding six metallic cartridges. It was designed for the U.S. government service revolver trials of 1872 by Colt's Patent Firearms Manufacturing Company—today's Colt's Manufacturing Company—and was adopted as the standard military service revolver until 1892.
The Colt SAA has been offered in over 30 different calibers and various barrel lengths. Its overall appearance has remained consistent since 1873. Colt has discontinued its production twice, but brought it back due to popular demand. The revolver was popular with ranchers, lawmen, and outlaws alike, but as of the early 21st century, models are mostly bought by collectors and re-enactors. Its design has influenced the production of numerous other models from other companies.
The Colt SAA "Peacemaker" revolver is a famous piece of Americana. The original length of the barrel, issued to the U.S. Cavalry, was ​7 1⁄2 inches (with an overall length of 13 inches).


== History ==
Bound by the Rollin White patent (#12,648, April 3, 1855) and not wanting to pay a royalty fee to Smith & Wesson, Colt could not begin development of bored-through revolver cylinders for metallic cartridge use until April 4, 1869. For the design, Colt turned to two of its best engineers: William Mason and Charles Brinckerhoff Richards who had developed a number of revolvers and black powder conversions for the company. Their effort was designed for the United States government service revolver trials of 1872 by Colt's Patent Firearms Manufacturing Company and adopted as the standard military service revolver. Production began in 1873 with the Single Action Army model 1873, also referred to as the "New Model Army Metallic Cartridge Revolving Pistol".The very first production Single Action Army, serial number 1, thought lost for many years after its production, was found in a barn in Nashua, New Hampshire in the early 1900s. This gun was chambered in .45 Colt, a centerfire design containing charges of up to 40 grains (2.6 g) of fine-grained black powder and a 255-grain (16.5 g) blunt roundnosed bullet. Relative to period cartridges and most later handgun rounds, it was quite powerful in its full loading.The Colt Single Action Army revolver, along with the 1870 and 1875 Smith & Wesson Model 3 "Schofield" revolver, replaced the Colt 1860 Army Percussion revolver.  The Colt quickly gained favor over the S&W and remained the primary U.S. military sidearm until 1892 when it was replaced by the .38 Long Colt caliber Colt Model 1892, a double-action revolver with swing-out cylinder. By the end of 1874, serial no. 16,000 was reached; 12,500 Colt Single Action Army revolvers chambered for the .45 Colt cartridge had entered service and the remaining revolvers were sold in the civilian market.


== First generation (1873–1941) ==

The Single Action Army became available in standard barrel lengths of ​4 3⁄4 inch, ​5 1⁄2 inch, as well as the Cavalry standard, original ​7 1⁄2 inch. The shorter barrelled revolvers are sometimes called the "Civilian" or "Gunfighter" model (​4 3⁄4 inch) and the Artillery Model (​5 1⁄2 inch). There was also a variant with a sub-4-inch barrel, without an ejector rod, unofficially called the "Sheriff's Model", "Banker's Special", or "Storekeeper".From 1875 until 1880 Colt marketed a single-action revolver in .44 rimfire Henry caliber in a separate number range from no. 1 to 1,863.A "Flattop Target Model" was listed in Colt's catalogs from 1890 to 1898. Colt manufactured 914 of these revolvers with a frame that was flat on top and fitted with an adjustable leaf rear sight. The front sight consisted of a base with an interchangeable blade.In 1896, at serial number 164,100, a spring-loaded base pin latch replaced the cylinder pin retaining screw and by 1900, at serial number 192,000, the Colt Single Action was certified for use with smokeless powder. In 1920, larger, highly visible sights replaced the original thin blade and notch. The revolvers remained essentially unchanged from that point until cessation of manufacture at the beginning of World War II.From 1873 through 1940 (with small numbers assembled during and after World War II, the so-called "Pre-War, Post-War" model), production of the Colt Single Action Army reached 357,859. This is identified as the "Pre War" or "First Generation" of the model. Calibers, at least thirty in all, ranged from .22 rimfire through .476 Eley, with approximately half, or 158,884 (including Bisley and Flat Top Target variations), chambered for .45 Colt. The next most prevalent were the .44-40 Winchester Center fire (WCF) at 71,392; 38-40 (38 WCF) at 50,520; 32-20 Winchester (32 WCF) at 43,284 and, the 41 Colt at 19,676.


=== Military use ===

All original, good condition, U.S. Cavalry and Artillery Single Action Armies (those produced between 1873 and 1891) are among the most valuable to collectors. Especially valuable, often going for well over $10,000, are the OWA (Orville Wood Ainsworth) and the rare Henry Nettleton inspected Single Action Army Colts.The OWA Colt refers to the earliest issued Single Action Army guns, which were inspected by Orville W. Ainsworth. Ainsworth was the ordnance sub-inspector at the Colt factory for the first 13 months (October 1873 to November 1874) of the Single Action Army's production. It was Ainsworth who inspected the Colts used by Col. G. A. Custer's 7th Cavalry at the Battle of the Little Bighorn. The number range of possible Little Bighorn Colts is 4500–7527.Henry Nettleton was the U.S. Principal Sub-inspector in 1878 at the Springfield Armory. Second only to the OWA Colts, Nettleton Colts are prized by serious collectors. Both the Nettleton and OWA Colts have the cartouche (OWA or HN) on the left side of the wood grip.
By the mid-1870s, the Army had purchased a significant number of Smith & Wesson Schofield revolvers chambering a shorter .45 round. Logistical problems arose because the ammunition was not interchangeable. The Colt revolvers would accept the shorter round, but not vice versa. For a time, the Government stopped orders for the longer Colt cartridge and used the Smith & Wesson round exclusively. The Schofield was soon retired and sold to the civilian market.The largest group of U.S. Colt Cavalry revolvers was inspected by David F. Clark, his D.F.C. cartouche being encountered on revolvers inspected from 1880 to 1887. During 1893, the .45 U.S. Colt Single Action Army revolver was retired by the Cavalry and replaced by the .38 caliber Colt Model 1892 Double Action Army revolver. The .45 Single Action Army revolver was still standard issue to the Infantry, Artillery and other branches of the U.S. Army.
In 1895–1896, the U.S. federal government returned 2000 SAA revolvers to Colt to be refurbished; 800 were issued to the New York Militia with the ​7 1⁄2-inch barrel and 1,200 were altered to a barrel length of ​5 1⁄2 inches. In 1898, 14,900 of the SAA revolvers were altered the same way by Springfield Armory. The original records of the War Department do refer to these revolvers with the shortened barrel as the "Altered Revolver". The name "Artillery" is actually a misnomer, which Sapp speculates may have originated because the Light Artillery happened to have the first units armed with the altered revolver.

The Artillery Single Actions were issued to the Infantry, the Light Artillery, the Volunteer Cavalry and other troops because the standard issue .38 caliber Colt M 1892 double-action revolver was lacking in stopping power. For that reason, the .45 Artillery SAA Revolvers were used successfully by front troops in the Spanish–American War and the Philippine–American War. Theodore Roosevelt's Rough Riders charged up San Juan Hill wielding the .45 caliber Artillery Model.The Artillery Model usually had mixed numbers. It can be identified by the U.S. on the frame, the inspector's stamps on different parts (such as a tiny A for Orville W. Ainsworth, DFC, HN, RAC for later inspectors and K for replacement parts) and the cartouche of Rinaldo A. Carr (RAC), the inspector who inspected the refurbished guns, on the grip.


=== The Colt Frontier Six-Shooter ===

The Colt Frontier or Frontier Six-Shooter was a Colt's 1873 "Model P" type revolver manufactured in .44-40 Winchester caliber instead of .45 Colt (in which configuration it was called the Single Action Army) so that it was compatible with Winchester Model 1873 ammunition. Production began in 1877. Colt Frontier Six-Shooter was the actual name of the Colt pistol model, and this was acid-etched on the left side of the barrel. After 1889, the legend was roll-stamped until 1919, when the caliber designation ".44-40" was added. Later Colt 1878 Double Action Army Models also wore this designation on the barrel when chambered in .44 WCF/.44-40 Winchester. The Bisley 1895 Model was the final Colt to wear the Frontier Six Shooter designation.Users of the .44-40 Winchester cartridge in the Far West appreciated the convenience of being able to carry a single caliber of ammunition, which they could fire in both revolver and rifle. The Colt Frontier Six Shooter Revolver and the Winchester Model 1873 or the Winchester Model 1892 in .44-40 WCF caliber were one of the most common combinations seen in "the Old West". For example, the two mounted "Cowboys" at the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral were armed with this rifle and pistol combination. .38-40 and .32-20 (.32 WCF) also qualify as "Frontier Calibers" because 1873 and 1892 Winchesters were made in these calibers,  offering the same convenience as the 44-40 (44WCF) caliber, namely using the same cartridge in both revolver and rifle.


=== The Bisley Model ===

The Colt Bisley was introduced in 1894 as a target pistol. The name Bisley came from the famous firing range in Bisley, England. The Colt Bisley can be distinguished by the longer grip, the wider hammer spur, and the wider trigger. The distinguishing feature of the Bisley Target Model is the topstrap, which is flat and fitted with a sliding rear sight, adjustable for windage only. The front sight is a removable blade, which fits into the slotted base attached to the barrel. The revolvers were supplied with different blades for elevation.The Bisley mainspring is longer than the SAA mainspring, and the two are not interchangeable; it is attached to the hammer with a stirrup via a forked upper end. The serial numbers are stamped on the frame, the backstrap and the trigger-guard at the end of production, with tiny dies.Bisleys were serial-numbered in the range of 156300–331916, in the same sequence as the Single Action Army. All Bisleys after No. 161,376 had "BISLEY MODEL" with the caliber stamped on the left side of the barrel, which is rare for older Colt revolvers. The most common calibers were .32-20, .38-40, .45 Colt, .44-40, .41 Colt, and the British calibers .450 Eley and .455 Eley. A total number of 44,350 were manufactured. Production of the Bisley was terminated in 1912, but serial No. 331916 was shipped after the First World War. Most Bisley Standard Model Revolvers shipped to a United States address were not used for target shooting, but for self-defense, because the grip and hammer were ideal for fast shooting.Surveys of existing Bisley show that a much larger number of 4 3/4" Bisleys, perhaps as high as 62%,, have survived as compared to the 5 1/2" and 7 1/2" barreled guns. Considering the majority of Bisleys were made in .32/20 and .38/40, some 60%, it appears that the market for SAA's was changing. The late 1890's with increased urbanization in the West suggests the possibility that many of these pistols were companions to the lever action rifles of the same period and that the low slung hammer, less humped backstrap, and short barrel may have suited the city dwelling suit coat wearing clientele who still found themselves outdoors not only on horses but in buggies and automobiles. The need for man stopping bullets was decreasing in urbanized environments, although in semi-urban areas, a pistol like the Bisley would be suitable for discouraging both four legged and two legged "varmints" while also suitable for collecting supper along the road. The Bisley may mark a movement to a more civilized West.


=== Buntline Special ===

Wyatt Earp biographer Stuart N. Lake popularized the myth of the Buntline Special. In his highly fictionalized biography, Wyatt Earp: Frontier Marshal, published in 1931, he wrote that Earp and four other lawmen—Bat Masterson, Bill Tilghman, Charlie Bassett and Neal Brown—were each presented with a customized revolver with a 12-inch-long (300 mm) barrel. However, on October 26, 1881, the day of the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral, Wyatt Earp carried an 1869 .44 caliber Smith & Wesson American Model with an 8-inch barrel.


== Second generation (1956–1974) ==

At the beginning of World War II, Colt ceased production of the Single Action Army revolver to devote more time to filling orders for the war.  When the war ended, no plans were made to revive the Single Action Army revolver as the design was seen as obsolete.  However the advent of television and Western themed movies created customer demand for the revolver, so Colt resumed manufacture in 1956 with the Second Generation line of Single Action Army revolvers.These Second Generation Colt Single Action Army revolvers were produced from 1956 to 1974 and carried serial numbers in the range of 0001SA to 73,205SA.  Due to the popularity of the television show, The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp, Colt introduced the aforementioned Buntline Special as a Second generation offering from 1957 to 1974.From 1961 to 1975, Colt offered an adjustable-sight model known as "The New Frontier", capitalizing on President John F. Kennedy's campaign slogan.  Colt manufactured 4200 of these revolvers, including 70 built on the Buntline frame.


== Third generation (1976 to present) ==
The Third Generation began in 1976, characterized by a change in barrel thread pitch and a solid cylinder bushing replacing the removable/replaceable part from the first and second generations. This series ran until 1982 as a limited-issue product with the serial number range of SA80,000 to SA99,999.
In 1994, production of the SAA resumed with the increase in popularity of "Cowboy Action Shooting" matches. These models are known either as "Late Third Generation" or sometimes Fourth Generation. They have the original style removable/replaceable cylinder bushing. The serial number for this series started at S02001A and continued to use the "S" prefix and "A" suffix to 2009. Colt currently offers the Single Action Army in one of two finishes: either an all-nickel, or blued with color case-hardened frame; in the traditional three barrel lengths: ​4 3⁄4", ​5 1⁄2" and ​7 1⁄2"; and eight chamberings: .32-20, .38-40, .44-40, .38 Special, .357 Magnum, .44 Special, .45 Colt, or .45 ACP; a total of 42 variations.Colt manufactured Third Generation Buntlines and New Frontiers through the Colt Custom Shop, as well as many engraved pistols. In 2010, Colt released a "revival" of the Frontier Six Shooter with a nickel finish.


== The Colt Cowboy ==
Starting in 1999, Colt began manufacturing a version of the Single Action Army revolver with a modern transfer bar safety, allowing it to be carried with the hammer resting on a loaded chamber. The Colt Cowboy, as it was named, was designed to be more affordable than the Single Action Army. It was offered with barrel lengths of 4.75", 5.5", and 7.5". The 7.5" variant was discontinued in 1999, as was the 4.75" variant, which was reintroduced in 2002. Manufacturing of the Colt Cowboy was discontinued in 2003.


== Engraving ==

Colt engraved less than one percent of its first generation production of the Single Action Army revolver, which makes these engraved models extremely rare and valuable with collectors. Engraved pieces were often ordered by or for famous people of the day, including lawmen, heads of state, and captains of industry. This tradition began with the founder, Samuel Colt, who regularly gave such examples away as a means of publicity for Colt.
Colt employed a number of engravers, many of whom were trained artisans who emigrated from Europe. These artisans, such as Gustave Young, Cuno A. Helfricht, Rudolph J. Kornbrath and Louis Daniel Nimschke, were known for inlaying gold, silver, and precious stones in their work. Many of these engraved pieces were adorned with stocks made of ivory or pearl, with engraving and inlays as well.About 400 of the Second Generation Colt Single Actions were factory-engraved by Colt. The factory engravers of the period were Alvin Herbert, Earl Bieu, Dennis Kies, Robert Burt, Steve Kamyk and Leonard Francolini. One of the most sought-after engravers who have worked on Colt revolvers was Alvin White and the shop of A. A. White Engravers.


== Operation ==

The Single Action Army action is a refinement of the earlier Colt percussion revolvers and the Colt 1871 cartridge revolver. The cylinder is mounted on a central axis and operated by a hand with a double finger whose more extended action allowed the cylinder-ratchet to be cut in a larger circle, giving more torsional force to the cylinder. Three notches on the face of the hammer engage the sear portion of the trigger, affording four basic hammer positions. The hammer when fully lowered rests within the frame. Drawn slightly to the rear, the hammer engages the safety notch of the sear and holds the firing pin out of direct contact with a chambered cartridge. Like the earlier percussion revolvers, the Single Action Army was designed to allow loading of all of the chambers. The safety notch replaced pins on the rear of the percussion revolver cylinders, which served the same purpose as the safety position, by preventing hammer contact with the primer/percussion cap. However, many users adopted the practice of leaving one empty chamber under the hammer, because a sharp blow could damage the mechanism and allow a fully loaded revolver to fire. This practice is now universally recommended. Drawn back about half way, the hammer engages the second notch. This cams the cylinder bolt out of engagement and allows the cylinder to rotate for loading. Fully cocked, the revolver is ready to fire. Cartridge ejection is via the spring-loaded rod housed in a tube on the right side of the barrel.
The loading sequence is as follows:

Place the revolver on half-cock and open the loading gate to the side.
Load each chamber in sequence (original), setting the hammer in the safety notch when finished; or (safe and prudent method) load one chamber, skip the next, load the remaining four chambers, close the loading gate, draw the hammer to full cock and lower fully, making sure that the firing pin is over the empty chamber.
Firing the revolver is accomplished by drawing the hammer to full cock and pulling the trigger. The hammer must be manually cocked for each shot.It is possible to fire the SAA rapidly by holding down the trigger and "fanning" the hammer with the other hand. Ed McGivern dispelled the myth of the inaccuracy of this procedure by shooting tight groups while fanning the revolver.


== Calibers ==
By 1878 the Colt SAA was being offered from the factory in additional calibers for civilian and foreign military sales. Many were sold in .44-40 Winchester Center Fire (WCF), introduced in 1878 to allow cross-compatibility with the Winchester '73 lever-action rifle; this model was called the "Colt Frontier Six-Shooter", which was etched and later roll-stamped on the left side of the barrel. Additional period calibers for the SAA included .38-40 Winchester (38 WCF) introduced in 1884, the .32-20 Winchester (32 WCF) introduced in 1884, the .41 Colt introduced in 1885, the .38 Long Colt in 1887, the .38 Special and the .357 Magnum in the 20th Century. Some of the separately-serialized .44 Henry rimfire revolvers were rechambered to .22 rimfire after 1885. The SAA at one time or another was offered in dozens of calibers from .22 rimfire to .476 Eley, though the .45 Colt has always been the most common. A scaled-down .22 rimfire version called the Scout or Frontier Scout was available in the late 20th Century.


=== 45 Colt cartridge variations ===

The first Colt Single Action Army prototypes were manufactured in .44 American caliber for the 1872 government trials, as the .44 American was the cartridge used in the 1,000 Smith & Wesson Model 3 revolvers issued to the troops. After the tests, the Colt was declared the superior revolver and the government specified that a .45 caliber cartridge would be required. With the adoption of the Colt Single Action Army revolver in 1873, the service cartridges were Copper-cased .45 centerfire Benét inside primed "Colt's Revolver Cartridges" loaded with 30 grains of black powder and an inside lubricated bullet of 250 grain. They were manufactured at Frankford Arsenal, Philadelphia, PA, through 1874. In 1875, the cartridge was shortened so that it would also function in the newly adopted S & W Schofield revolver. It was designated "Revolver Cartridge" and loaded with 28 grains of black powder and a bullet of 230 grain. The Bénet-primed cartridges were manufactured until 1882 and then replaced by reloadable cartridges with brass cases and external primers.The original .45 Colt black-powder load of 40 grains propelled the 250–255 grain bullet at a nominal 970 feet per second (300 m/s). Authors John Taffin and Mike Venturino have demonstrated that modern black-powder loadings of the .45 Colt cartridge frequently achieve velocities in the vicinity of 1,000 feet per second (300 m/s) with the ​7 1⁄2" "cavalry" barrel length, even though modern solid-head cases make it impossible to load a full 40 grains. Specifications for 20th-century smokeless loads set velocity with a 255-grain (16.5 g) round-nosed flat-point bullet at 870 feet per second (270 m/s) providing 429-foot-pound-force (582 J) energy.The version of the .45 Colt as of 2014 differs from the original cartridge case in that the rim is significantly larger (with a groove immediately above it) and the internal aspect of the primer pocket is surrounded by solid brass instead of protruding into the powder chamber. This "solid head" case is stronger and resists deformation of the primer pocket. Some commercial and custom revolvers and single-shot pistols (such as the Ruger Blackhawk, T/C Contender and others) employ high-pressure loads that are dangerous in the Single Action Army and other vintage arms chambered for the .45 Colt cartridge, especially 19th-century "pre-smokeless" revolvers, which should be fired (if at all) with black powder only.Prior to World War II, the .45 Colt used a groove diameter of .454"; post-WW II production adopted the .452" groove diameter of the .45 ACP. From 1924 through 1940, a small number of Single Actions in the pistol caliber .45 ACP were produced. Colt's record lists several Single Actions chambered for the .45 Colt cartridge and being accompanied by an extra cylinder for the .45 ACP.


== Legacy ==

The power, accuracy and handling qualities of the Single Action Army (SAA) made it a popular sidearm from its inception, well into the 20th century. The association with the history of the American West remains to the present century, and these revolvers remain popular with shooters and collectors. George S. Patton, who began his career in the horse-cavalry, carried a custom-made SAA with ivory grips engraved with his initials and an eagle, which became his trademark. He used it during the Mexican Punitive Expedition of 1916 to kill two of Pancho Villa's lieutenants, and carried it until his death in 1945 shortly after the end of World War II.In the early and mid-20th century, original Peacemakers lacking historical provenance and not in pristine condition were not particularly valuable. They served as raw material for early enthusiasts such as Elmer Keith, Harold Croft and R. F. Sedgley who modified the revolvers to enhance performance and experimented with more effective ammunition. At the beginning of the 21st Century, first and second generation SAA's are highly regarded as collectors' items and often considered too valuable to shoot.
After World War II, new interest in the SAA started and firearms enthusiast William R. Wilson recognized the need and the opportunity. In 1953 Wilson founded the Great Western Arms Company to produce an almost-exact clone of the old Colt SAA for television and movie westerns. The Great Western revolvers were manufactured in Los Angeles.
Later Colt editions are more common, and various copies and near-copies of the revolver are made by Uberti of Italy.  Uberti is now owned by Beretta, producer of the Beretta Stampede. American manufacturers include Colt Manufacturing Company, which still retains the model in its catalog. U.S. Fire Arms Mfg. Co. builds several variations that are true to the original first and second generation specifications. STI International has introduced a very precisely made Single Action Army with a modified hand/spring assembly designed to last longer than the originals.
The Single Action Army is the precursor and inspiration for modern sporting revolvers from John Linebaugh, Freedom Arms, Ruger, Cimarron, and others.In 2010, Arizona State Rifle and Pistol Association President Noble C. Hathaway and Cast Bullet Director Dan Walliser surveyed state residents to determine what "Old West" firearm should be named the official State Firearm. The Colt Patent Firearms Single Action Army won by a 38% margin. Soon afterward, Hathaway submitted a bill to the Arizona legislature, and on the last day of the 2010–2011 regular legislative session, Arizona Senate Bill 1610 was passed. Within days, Governor Jan Brewer signed the bill into law. Arizona is the second state to have an official firearm, following Utah's adoption of the Colt M1911 pistol.


== Operators ==
 Australia
 Bangladesh
 Bolivia
 China
 Colombia
 Cuba
 Egypt
 France
 Hong Kong
 Hungary
 India
 Indonesia
 Japan
 Libya
 Lithuania
 Malta
 Mexico
 Mongolia
 Morocco
 Mozambique
   Nepal
 New Zealand
 Nicaragua
 Nigeria
 Romania
 Rwanda
 South Africa
 South Korea
 Tanzania
 Thailand
 United Kingdom
 United States
 Venezuela
 Vietnam


== See also ==
Colt Model 1871-72 Open Top, the direct ancestor of the Colt Single Action Army
Table of handgun and rifle cartridges


== References ==


== Bibliography ==
Adler, Dennis (2008). Colt Single Action: From Patersons to Peacemakers. Edison, New Jersey: Chartwell Books. ISBN 978-0-7858-2305-6.
Flayderman, Norm (2001). Flayderman's Guide to Antique American Firearms... and Their Values. Iola, WI: Krause Publications. ISBN 0-87349-313-3.
McGivern, Ed (2007). Ed McGivern's Book of Fast and Fancy Revolver Shooting. Skyhorse Publishing Inc. ISBN 978-1-60239-086-7.
Sapp, Rick (2007). Standard Catalog of Colt Firearms. F+W Media, Inc. ISBN 978-0-89689-534-8.
Smith, WHB (1968). Book of Pistols and Revolvers. Harrisburg, PA: Stackpole Books.
Taffin, John (2002). Big Bore Handguns. Iola, WI: Krause Publications. ISBN 978-0-87349-463-2.
Taffin, John (2005). Single Action Sixguns. Krause Publications. ISBN 978-0-87349-953-8.
Wilson, R.L. (1979). Colt Heritage: The Official History of Colt Firearms from 1836 to the Present. New York City: Jane's Information Group. ISBN 978-0-7106-0004-2.
Wilson, R.L. (1985). Colt: An American Legend. New York City: Abbeville Press. ISBN 978-0-89660-011-9.
Wilson, R.L. (1992). Peacemakers: Arms and Adventure in the American West. Edison, New Jersey: Chartwell Publications. ISBN 978-0-7858-1892-2.
Wilson, R.L. (1995). Steel Canvas: The Art of American Arms. Chartwell Books. ISBN 0-7858-1891-X.


== External links ==
The Colt Revolver in the American West – Single Action Army
Description of the Colt's Double-Action Revolver, Caliber .45, Model of 1909, by US War Department, Office of the Chief of Ordnance, 1913
Official Safety and Instruction Manual (.pdf)
Modern Firearms
Sixguns





Julie Cope Hilden was a novelist and lawyer. She grew up in Hawaii and New Jersey and attended Harvard College, Yale Law School, and Cornell University.


== Biography ==
Upon graduating from law school, she clerked for then-Chief Judge Stephen G. Breyer of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit, and for Judge Kimba M. Wood of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York.  She has been admitted to the New York and District of Columbia bars.  She was a litigation associate at the law firm of Williams & Connolly in Washington, D.C., from 1996 to 1999. She worked on First Amendment, criminal defense, appellate cases, and other issues.  As a legal writer her commentaries can be found on her webpage at Justia's Verdict. She was a legal commentator on Good Morning America, Court TV, CNN, and NPR, and local television and radio stations. She lived for several years with  her husband, Stephen Glass. She died on March 17, 2018.


== Bibliography ==
The Bad Daughter is Julie Hilden’s first novel. Her second novel, Three, was published by Plume in August 2003. It was translated into French by Actes Sud in France, and also published in England by the UK division of Bantam Books in 2004. 3 is also available in translation in the Czech Republic. 3 was optioned for a film adaptation; Hilden was reportedly writing the first draft of the screenplay.


== References ==


== External links ==
Legal articles at Findlaw.com
Her web page (web.archive.org)





HMCS Truro (pennant J268) was a Bangor-class minesweeper that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War. The minesweeper entered service in 1942 and took part in the Battle of the Atlantic and the Battle of the St. Lawrence. Following the war, the vessel was transferred to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and renamed Herchmer. In 1946, Herchmer was sold for mercantile conversion and reappeared as Gulf Mariner. The ship was abandoned in 1964 on the Fraser River shore after plans for conversion to a suction dredger failed. The abandoned hulk was broken up.


== Design and description ==
The Bangor class was initially to be a scaled down minesweeper design of the Halcyon class in Royal Navy service. However, due to the difficulty procuring diesel engines led to the small number of the diesel version being completed. The ships displaced 592 long tons (601 t) standard and 690 long tons (700 t) fully loaded. They were 162 feet (49.4 m) long with a beam of 28 feet (8.5 m) and a draught of 8 feet 3 inches (2.51 m). However, the size of the ship led to criticisms of their being too cramped for magnetic or acoustic minesweeping gear. This may have been due to all the additions made during the war with the installation of ASDIC, radar and depth charges.The Bangor class came in two versions. Truro was of the diesel-powered version, being equipped with a 9-cylinder diesel engine driving two shafts that produced 2,000 brake horsepower (1,500 kW). This gave the ship a maximum speed of 16.5 knots (30.6 km/h). The vessels carried 65 long tons (66 t) of oil.  The vessels had a complement of 6 officers and 77 ratings.The Canadian diesel-powered Bangors were armed with a single quick-firing (QF) 12-pounder 12 cwt gun mounted forward. The ships were also fitted with a QF 2-pounder Mark VIII gun aft and were eventually fitted with single-mounted QF 20 mm Oerlikon guns on the bridge wings. For those ships assigned to convoy duty, they were armed with two depth charge launchers and two chutes for the 40 depth charges they carried.


== Operational history ==
The minesweeper was ordered as part of the 1940–1941 construction programme. The ship's keel was laid down on 20 March 1941 by Davie Shipbuilding at their yard in Lauzon, Quebec. Named for a community in Nova Scotia, Truro was launched on 5 June 1942. The ship was commissioned on 27 August 1942 at Quebec City.After arriving at Halifax, Nova Scotia in September, the minesweeper was assigned to the Western Local Escort Force as a convoy escort. Deployed to escort convoys through the Gulf of St. Lawrence, the Quebec – Sydney convoy QS 33 sailed on 6 September 1942 escorted by the corvette Arrowhead, Truro, the armed yacht Raccoon and two Fairmile motor launches. At 2300, the convoy, which had been trailed by U-boats, was attacked by U-165. The Greek freighter Aeas was hit twice with torpedoes and sank in five minutes. At 0210, explosions sounding like depth charges were heard in the vicinity of Raccoon's location, but the lack of communication led the other escorts to believe that it was nothing significant. In reality, U-165 had torpedoed the armed yacht. There were no survivors. On 7 September the convoy came under attack by a second U-boat, U-517. At 1801, the submarine fired three torpedoes, each sinking a merchant vessel. Arrowhead and Truro counterattacked, but only succeeding in keeping the submarine down. In June 1943, the minesweeper joined the escort group W4.The minesweeper remained with W4 until May 1944 when Truro transferred to Sydney Force, the patrol and escort force operating from Sydney, Nova Scotia. In December, the minesweeper began a refit at Lunenburg, Nova Scotia that took until February 1945 to complete. Following the refit, the ship was briefly allocated to Halifax Force, the patrol and escort force operating from Halifax before rejoining Sydney Force. The ship remained with Sydney Force until June 1945.Truro was paid off on 31 July 1945 at Sydney and transferred to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police to become Herchmer on 3 August 1945. The vessel was sold on 6 August 1946 for mercantile conversion and the vessel reappeared as the 609 GRT Gulf Mariner. The merchant vessel continued in service until 1964, when plans to convert the ship to a suction dredger failed. Gulf Mariner was abandoned along the shore of the Fraser River and broken up in Canada in 1964.


== References ==


=== Notes ===


=== Citations ===


=== Sources ===
Brown, D.K. (2000). Nelson to Vanguard: Warship Design and Development 1923–1945. Chatham Publishing. ISBN 1861761368.
Chesneau, Roger, ed. (1980). Conway's All the World's Fighting Ships 1922–1946. Greenwich, UK: Conway Maritime Press. ISBN 0-85177-146-7.
Colledge, J. J.; Warlow, Ben (2006) [1969]. Ships of the Royal Navy: The Complete Record of all Fighting Ships of the Royal Navy (Rev. ed.). London: Chatham Publishing. ISBN 978-1-86176-281-8. OCLC 67375475.
Douglas, W.A.B.; Sarty, Roger; Whitby, Michael (2002). No Higher Purpose: The Official Operational History of the Royal Canadian Navy in the Second World War, 1939–1943 Volume II, Part I. St. Catharines, Ontario: Vanwell Publishing. ISBN 1-55125-061-6.
Haycock, John (2011).  Vassilopoulos, Peter, ed. The History of the RCMP Marine Services. Ottawa: Queen's Printer. ISBN 978-0-919317-47-5.
Macpherson, Ken (1997). Minesweepers of the Royal Canadian Navy 1938–1945. St. Catharines, Ontario: Vanwell Publishing Limited. ISBN 0-920277-55-1.
Macpherson, Ken; Barrie, Ron (2002). The Ships of Canada's Naval Forces 1910–2002 (Third ed.). St. Catharines, Ontario: Vanwell Publishing. ISBN 1-55125-072-1.
Rohwer, Jürgen (2005). Chronology of the War at Sea 1939–1945: The Naval History of World War Two (Revised & Expanded ed.). Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-59114-119-2.


== External links ==
"Bangor Class". Canadian Navy of Yesterday and Today. Hazegray.org.





Nariaki Nakayama (中山 成彬, Nakayama Nariaki, born 7 June 1943) is a Japanese politician. He served as Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology in the Cabinet of Junichiro Koizumi and later as Minister of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism under Tarō Asō. After only four days in office he resigned due to a series of gaffes. Appointed on 24 September 2008, he resigned on 28 September 2008. After being de-endorsed by the LDP he lost his seat in the 2009 general election, eventually returning to the diet as a member of the Japan Restoration Party in the 2012 general election. He lost his seat again in the 2014 general election.


== Background ==
Graduating from the Faculty of Law at the University of Tokyo in 1966, Nakayama joined the Ministry of Finance. In 1986 he was elected to the House of Representatives for the first time, and in September 2004, he became the Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology. He is married to Kyoko Nakayama, also a conservative politician.


== Conservative positions ==
Nakayama is affiliated to the openly revisionist organization Nippon Kaigi.When he was a member of the Liberal Democratic Party, Nakayama was prominent in efforts to censor sections of junior high textbooks in Japan that made references to Japan's wartime sex slaves. In 2013, he continues to deny that women were forced to work in brothels during wartime. He claims that the Nanjing Massacre was a complete fabrication, was a supporter of right-wing filmmaker Satoru Mizushima's 2007 revisionist film The Truth about Nanjing, which denied that the massacre ever occurred. During the first administration of Prime Minister Shinzō Abe Nakayama made efforts to revise the Kono statement of 1993.He has continued to express Japanese conservative vision of history.


== As a four-day cabinet minister ==
In the Cabinet of Prime Minister Taro Aso, appointed on 24 September 2008, Nakayama was appointed as Minister of Construction and Transport. He made several controversial statements since his appointment, such as saying: "I will stand at the forefront to destroy the Japan Teachers' Union, which is a cancer for Japanese education". In a press conference related to his Minister of Tourism portfolio, he declared that Japan is basically "ethnically homogeneous," which greatly angered the Ainu, an indigenous ethnic minority living mostly in Northern Japan. He also said that Japanese people "do not like nor desire foreigners". He resigned on 27 September 2008.


== Loss of LDP confidence and loss of lower house seat ==
In the 2009 general election the LDP was reluctant to run Nakayama as a candidate. He ran as an independent and lost his seat.


== Move to the Sunrise Party of Japan, Japan Restoration Party, and Party for Future Generations ==
On 21 June 2010 Nakayama and his wife Kyoko announced that they would move from the Liberal Democratic Party to the Sunrise Party of Japan. He ran for the House of Councilors in the July 11 2010 election, but was not elected. The Sunrise Party became part of the Japan Restoration Party, and Nariaki returned to the Diet in the 2012 general election. When Shintaro Ishihara's group left that party to form the Party for Future Generations he and his wife went too. He lost his seat again in the 2014 general election.


== References ==


== External links ==
Minister of Education, Culture, Science and Technology Prime Minister of Japan and His Cabinet





Thiébauménil  is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.


== See also ==
Communes of the Meurthe-et-Moselle department





Édouard François Zier, born in Paris, 1856, died in Thiais on 19 January 1924, is a French illustrator and painter


== Life and works ==
He received his instructions in art from his father Victor Casimir Zier and later became a pupil of the painter Jean-Léon Gérôme.His first painting, Mort de Caton d'Utique ("Death of Cato") was exhibited at the Salon of 1874. Charles VI et Odette appeared at the 1880 Salon, these two paintings and also Esther (1883) were purchased by the French State. His Julia (Julie, 1875) on a Roman theme was shown at the 1876 Philadelphia Exposition and was awarded a gold medal.Zier is known foremost however as an illustrator, for a wide variety of genre.He has illustrated for a number of periodicals, such as L'Illustration, Le Monde illustré, Le Courrier français, Le Journal de la jeunesse.
Two of the adventures of the comic book series Bécassine (1917 and 1918) were illustrated by Zier while the original artist Joseph-Porphyre Pinchon served in World War I.
A number of published books were illustrated by him, such as The Three Musketeers by Alexandre Dumas, Aphrodite by Pierre Louÿs, Le Roman comique by Scarron, La cantiniére du XIIIe siècle by Georges Le Faure, Les Trésors de la fable by Auguste Louvet, Voyages et aventures du Capitaine Marius Cougourdan by Eugène Mouton, Seulette and Le Trésor de Madeleine by Pierre Maël, A l'abordage by Henry de Brisay, Papillonne by Zénaïde Fleuriot.


== Gallery ==

		
		


== References ==
Citations
Bibliography





Khadaki is a village in Ambegaon taluka of Pune District in the state of Maharashtra,India.The village is administrated by a Sarpanch who is an elected representative of village as per constitution of India and Panchayati raj (India).


== References ==


== External links ==
Villages in pune maharashtra





The 2008 Mercedes Cup was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 31st edition of the Mercedes Cup, and was part of the International Series Gold of the 2008 ATP Tour. It took place at the Tennis Club Weissenhof in Stuttgart, Germany, from 7 July until 13 July 2008.
The announced field was headlined by ATP No. 2, Stuttgart defending champion, French Open and new Wimbledon titlist Rafael Nadal, Sydney doubles winner and Queen's Club quarterfinalist Richard Gasquet, and French Open quarterfinalist, Costa do Sauípe and Acapulco champion Nicolás Almagro. Also competing were Auckland titlist Philipp Kohlschreiber, Munich runner-up Simone Bolelli, Agustín Calleri, José Acasuso and Eduardo Schwank.


== Finals ==


=== Singles ===

 Juan Martín del Potro defeated  Richard Gasquet 6–4, 7–5

It was Juan Martín del Potro's 1st career title.


=== Doubles ===

 Christopher Kas /  Philipp Kohlschreiber defeated  Michael Berrer /  Mischa Zverev 6–3, 6–4


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
Singles Draw
Doubles Draw
Singles Qualifying Draw





Jarrie is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.


== Population ==


== Twin towns ==
Jarrie is twinned with:

 Macael, Spain, since 1989


== See also ==
Communes of the Isère department


== References ==
INSEE statistics





Kandolo is a settlement in Kenya's Eastern Province.  It is located 113 km south east of Nairobi on the Mombasa Road (A 109).


== References ==





Archers Post is a settlement in Kenya's Samburu County, which is home to the Samburu people. Nearby villages include Lerata. The land belongs to the Kenyan government.
The area is also used by the British Army as a training ground.


== Geography ==
Samburu County is a county in Mid-Western Kenya. It is hot and semi-arid. The town is located on the river bank of Ewaso Nairobi River. The town is also tourists attraction sites like Samburu National Reserve, Buffalo Springs National Reserve, Shaba National Reserve, Kalama Community Conservancy, West Gate Conservancy and Mount Ololokwe.


== References ==





Gerald Ugle (born 31 January 1993) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Greater Western Sydney Giants in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Ugle has several relatives with AFL experience; former West Coast Eagles player Troy Ugle is his great uncle and former Collingwood player Kirk Ugle is his first cousin.


== Early life ==
He began attending Guildford Grammar School in year 9 on an Indigenous scholarship. Playing on the football team, he eventually captained the school football team. He graduated year 12 in 2010.As a 15-year-old he won the reserves best and fairest award for Beverley Football Club in the Avon Football Association despite missing large parts of the season.Ugle represented Western Australia at 2009 U-16 and 2010 U-18 National Championships. He made his West Australian Football League (WAFL) league debut for Perth in round 23 of the 2010 season.


== AFL career ==
Ugle was selected as a 17-year-old by Greater Western Sydney in October 2010. In July 2012, Ugle made his AFL senior debut against Fremantle, the team he supported as a child.In September 2013, he was delisted by the Giants.He currently plays as captain for Peel Thunder in the WAFL. He was the captain in their 2016 and 2017 premiership side.


== References ==


== External links ==
Gerald Ugle's profile on the official website of the Greater Western Sydney Giants
Gerald Ugle's playing statistics from AFL Tables





Auxa paragibbicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Breuning in 1975.


== References ==





Valentin Yosifovich Gaft (Russian: Валенти́н Ио́сифович Гафт; born 2 September 1935 in Moscow) is a Russian and Soviet actor, People's Artist of Russia (1984).


== Biography ==


=== Early life and education ===
Valentin Gaft was born in Moscow to a family of a lawyer Iosif Romanovich Gaft (1907–1969) and Gita Davydovna Gaft (1908–1993). The family moved to Moscow from Poltava, Ukraine. During World War II Iosif Gaft served in the Red Army finishing with the rank of Major.Valentin Gaft took a great interest in theater while in school and took part in the school theater amateur performance.Valentin Gaft graduated from the School-Studio at the Moscow Art Theatre (1953–1957). Among the students of the same course were future popular actors Oleg Tabakov and Maya Menglet.


=== Theatre ===
After graduating Gaft worked for a number of theaters including the Mossovet Theater, Leninski Komsomol Theatre (under famous director Anatoly Efros), Theater of Satire. In 1969 he started to work for the Sovremennik Theatre and works there to the present time.


=== Film ===
Gaft started his work for the cinema in 1956 in the Mikhail Romm's film Murder on Dante Street.Later he starred in the movies The First Courier (1968), Mad Gold (1977), Centaurs (1979), Black Hen, or Underground Villagers (1981), Fuete (1986), prominent roles were played by Gaft in the musical comedy The Sorceress (1982), the tragicomedy Through Main Street with an Orchestra (1986), the action film Thieves in Law (1988), The Visit of the Lady (1989), Night Fun (1991), Encore, Once More Encore! (1992).In 1994, Valentin Gaft played Woland in Yuri Kara's film The Master and Margarita, which was only released in 2011.However, the real popularity came to Gaft only after cooperation with Eldar Ryazanov. In 1979, he played the chairman of the garage cooperative Sidorkin in the comedy The Garage, in 1980, starred in the tragicomedy Eldar Ryazanov Say a Word for the Poor Hussar, in 1987, starred in the movie Forgotten Melody for a Flute, and in 1991 in the film Promised Heaven.In addition to theater and cinema, Valentin Gaft has played many roles on television - the main character in the television series based on Thomas Mann's novel Buddenbrooks, Lopatin in Lopatin's Notes, Jasper in the four-part film Edin Druid's Secret, Kramin in the television movie For the Rest of His Life, Prince Borescu in the television show The Archipelago Lenoir, The Kid in Kings and Cabbage, Butler in the television film Hello, I'm Your Aunt! and others. Teleplays with Valentin Gaft's participation include Just a few words in honor of M. de Moliere, Widow's Home, Players, Aesop, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?


== Personal life ==
Gaft has been married to the well-known actress Olga Ostroumova since 1996.He also the author of pointed but extremely popular epigrams against many theatrical and movie figures. In the 2013 film Yolki 3, he read some of his own poetry.For "statements contradicted the interests of our national security" Gaft is banned from entering Ukraine.


== Selected filmography ==
Yolki 3 (Ёлки, 2013) as Nikolai Petrovich
The Life and Adventures of Mishka Yaponchik (Жизнь и приключения Мишки Япончика, 2011, TV) as Mendel Hersh
Burnt by the Sun 2 (Утомлённые солнцем 2, 2010) as Pimen
The Book of Masters (Книга Мастеров, 2009) as magic mirror
12 (2007) as 4th juror
The Master and Margarita (miniseries) (Мастер и Маргарита, 2005) as Joseph Kaifa / NKVD general
House for the Rich (Дом для богатых, 2000) as Roman Rumyanov
Tender Age (Нежный возраст, 2000) as Saledon Sr.
Old Hags (Старые клячи, 2000) general Dubovitsky
The Master and Margarita (1994 film) (Мастер и Маргарита, 1994) as Woland
Encore, Once More Encore! (Анкор, ещё анкор!, 1992) as Vinogradov
Promised Heaven (Небеса обетованные, 1991) as Dmitry Loginov, “President“
Lost in Siberia (1991) as Beria
The Feasts of Belshazzar, or a Night with Stalin (Пиры Валтасара, или Ночь со Сталиным, 1989) as Lavrentiy Beria
The Life of Klim Samgin (Жизнь Клима Самгина, 1988, TV) as Valery Trifonov
Through Main Street with an Orchestra (По главной улице с оркестром, 1987) as Konstantin Vinogradov
Visit to Minotaur (Визит к Минотавру, 1987) as Pavel Ikonnikov
Forgotten Melody for a Flute (Забытая мелодия для флейты, 1987) as Odinokov
Vertical Race (Гонки по вертикали, 1983) as Lyokha Dedushkin
Say a Word for the Poor Hussar (О бедном гусаре замолвите слово..., 1981) as colonel Ivan Pokrovsky
Dog in Boots (Пёс в сапогах, 1981, voice) as Lofty
The Garage (Гараж, 1980) as Sidorin
Centaurs (Кентавры, 1978) as Andres
Hello, I'm Your Aunt! (Здравствуйте, я ваша тётя!, 1975) as Brasset
For the Rest of His Life (На всю оставшуюся жизнь, 1975) as Lt. Kramin
Moscow, My Love (Москва, любовь моя, 1974) as choreographer
That Sweet Word: Liberty! (Это сладкое слово — свобода!, 1973, voice) as Miguel Carrera


== Honours and awards ==
Order of Merit for the Fatherland;
2nd class (2 September 2010) - for outstanding contribution to the development of domestic theatrical art and many years of creative activity
3rd class (2 September 2005) - for outstanding contribution to the development of theatrical art, and many years of creative activity
Order of Friendship (11 August 1995) - for services to the state and achievements in work and significant contribution to strengthening friendship and cooperation between nations
People's Artist of the RSFSR (1984)


== References ==


== External links ==
Valentin Gaft on IMDb 
Epigrams by Valentin Gaft (in Russian)





The Ainu languages are a small language family originally spoken on the northern Japanese island of Hokkaidō, the southern half of the island of Sakhalin, the Kuril Islands, and the southern tip of the Kamchatka Peninsula. It is often supposed that Ainu was the language, or at least one of the languages, of the indigenous Emishi people of the northern part of the main Japanese island of Honshu, a supposition supported by placenames that appear to be of Ainu origin (see Ainu language). The varieties of Ainu are alternately considered a group of closely related languages, or divergent dialects of a single language isolate. The only surviving member is the Hokkaidō Ainu, which is considered critically endangered by UNESCO.
No genealogical relationship between Ainu and any other language family has been demonstrated, despite numerous attempts.


== Language information ==
See wikt:Category:Ainu language and its subcategories


== Varieties ==
Shibatani (1990:9) and Piłsudski (1998:2) speak of "Ainu languages" when comparing the varieties of Hokkaidō and Sakhalin. However, Vovin (1993) speaks only of "dialects". Refsing (1986) says Hokkaidō and Sakhalin Ainu were not mutually intelligible. Hattori (1964) considered Ainu data from 19 regions of Hokkaido and Sakhalin, and found the primary division to lie between the two islands.

Data on Kuril Ainu is scarce, but it is thought to have been as divergent as Sakhalin and Hokkaidō.
In Sakhalin Ainu, an eastern coastal dialect of Taraika (near modern Gastello (Poronaysk)) was quite divergent from the other localities. The Raychishka dialect, on the western coast near modern Uglegorsk, is the best documented, and has a dedicated grammatical description. Take Asai, the last speaker of Sakhalin Ainu, died in 1994. The Sakhalin Ainu dialects had long vowels and a final -h phoneme, which they pronounced as /x/.
Hokkaidō Ainu clustered into several dialects with substantial differences between them: the 'neck' of the island (Oshima County, data from Oshamambe and Yakumo); the "Classical" Ainu of central Hokkaidō around Sapporo and the southern coast (Iburi and Hidaka counties, data from Horobetsu, Biratori, Nukkibetsu, and Niikappu; historical records from Ishikari County and Sapporo show that these were similar); Samani (on the southeastern cape in Hidaka, but perhaps closest to the northeastern dialect); the northeast (data from Obihiro, Kushiro, and Bihoro); the north-central dialect (Kamikawa County, data from Asahikawa and Nayoro); and Sōya (on the northwestern cape), which was closest of all Hokkaidō varieties to Sakhalin Ainu. Most texts and grammatical descriptions we have of Ainu cover the Central Hokkaidō dialect.Scanty data from Western voyages at the turn of the 19th–20th century (Tamura 2000) suggest there was also great diversity in northern Sakhalin, which was not sampled by Hattori.


== Classification ==
Vovin (1993) splits Ainu "dialects" as follows (Vovin 1993:157).

Proto-Ainu
Proto-Hokkaido–Kuril
Hokkaido dialects
Kuril dialects
Proto-Sakhalin
Sakhalin dialects


== External relationships ==
No genealogical relationship between Ainu and any other language family has been demonstrated, despite numerous attempts. Thus, it is a language isolate. Ainu is sometimes grouped with the Paleosiberian languages, but this is only a geographic blanket term for several unrelated language families that were present in Siberia before the advances of Turkic and Tungusic languages there. Another suggestion is that Nihali and Kusunda are remnants of a northern division, that once extended to Japan. The most frequent proposals for relatives of Ainu are given below.
Alexander Vovin (2016) notes that Ainu has had early contact with the unrelated Nivkh language, and that this contact had most likely happened on Hokkaido island. Today, Nivkh is spoken only on Sakhalin island and at the mouth of the Amur River. Ainu of Sakhalin has more recent influence from Nivkh that Ainu of Hokkaido does not have.


=== Altaic ===
John C. Street (1962) proposed linking Ainu, Korean, and Japanese in one family and Turkic, Mongolic, and Tungusic in another, with the two families linked in a common "North Asiatic" family. Street's grouping was an extension of the Altaic hypothesis, which at the time linked Turkic, Mongolic, and Tungusic, sometimes adding Korean; today Altaic sometimes includes Korean and rarely Japanese but not Ainu (Georg et al. 1999).
From a perspective more centered on Ainu, James Patrie (1982) adopted the same grouping, namely Ainu–Korean–Japanese and Turkic–Mongolic–Tungusic, with these two families linked in a common family, as in Street's "North Asiatic".
Joseph Greenberg (2000–2002) likewise classified Ainu with Korean and Japanese. He regarded "Korean–Japanese-Ainu" as forming a branch of his proposed Eurasiatic language family. Greenberg did not hold Korean–Japanese–Ainu to have an especially close relationship with Turkic–Mongolic–Tungusic within this family.
The theory is now seen as discredited.


=== Japonic, Austroasiatic and Austronesian ===
Shafer (1965) presented evidence suggesting a distant connection with the Austroasiatic languages, which include many of the indigenous languages of Southeast Asia. Vovin (1992) presented his reconstruction of Proto-Ainu with evidence, in the form of proposed sound changes and cognates, of a relationship with Austroasiatic. In Vovin (1993), he still regarded this hypothesis as preliminary.
The eminent Japanese linguist Shichirō Murayama tried to link Japanese to the Austronesian languages, which include the languages of the Philippines, Taiwan, and Indonesia, through both vocabulary and cultural comparisons.A 2015 analysis using the Automated Similarity Judgment Program resulted in the Japonic languages being grouped with the Ainu and then with the Austroasiatic languages.


=== Native American languages ===
Numerous linguists have argued for a relationship between Ainu and several Native American languages. A linguistic research in the year 2008 proposed a genetic relation of Ainu to Native American languages.In 2018, the linguist Anna Bugaeva, an associate professor of linguistics at the Tokyo University of Science, and one of the few specialists in the Ainu language, says that the grammar system, phonological elements and syntax of the Ainu language is closest to languages of Native Americans on the western coast of North America. She claims that Ainu is closest to the Athabaskan languages.Ainu also shows some similarities to the Ket language, which has been linked to the Athabaskan languages in the proposed Dené-Yeniseian macrofamily classification.


== Language contact ==
The Ainu appear to have experienced intensive contact with the Nivkhs during the course of their history. It is not known to what extent this has affected the language. Linguists believe the vocabulary shared between Ainu and Nivkh (historically spoken in the northern half of Sakhalin and on the Asian mainland facing it) is due to borrowing. In Japan, there has been extensive contact with the Japanese language since the 14th century. (See Ainu language for details.)


== References ==


== See also ==
List of Proto-Ainu reconstructions (Wiktionary)


== Bibliography ==
Bronisław Piłsudski (1998).  Alfred F. Majewicz, ed. The Aborigines of Sakhalin. The Collected Works of Bronisław Piłsudski. I. Berlin-New York: Walter de Gruyter. p. 792. ISBN 978-3-11-010928-3.
Hattori, Shirō, ed. (1964). Bunrui Ainugo hōgen jiten [An Ainu dialect dictionary with Ainu, Japanese, and English indexes]. Tokyo: Iwanami Shoten.
Miller, Roy Andrew (1967). The Japanese Language. Tokyo: Charles E. Tuttle.
Murasaki, Kyōko (1977). Karafuto Ainugo: Sakhalin Rayciska Ainu Dialect—Texts and Glossary. Tokyo: Kokushokankōkai.
Murasaki, Kyōko (1978). Karafuto Ainugo: Sakhalin Rayciska Ainu Dialect—Grammar. Tokyo: Kokushokankōkai.
Refsing, Kirsten (1986). The Ainu Language: The Morphology and Syntax of the Shizunai Dialect. Aarhus: Aarhus University Press. ISBN 87-7288-020-1.
Shibatani, Masayoshi (1990). The Languages of Japan. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-36918-5.
Tamura, Suzuko (2000). The Ainu Language. Tokyo: Sanseido. ISBN 4-385-35976-8.
Vovin, Alexander (1992). "The origins of the Ainu language" (PDF). The Third International Symposium on Language and Linguistics: 672–686.
Vovin, Alexander (1993). A Reconstruction of Proto-Ainu. Leiden: Brill. ISBN 978-90-04-09905-0.
Vovin, Alexander (2008). "Man'yōshū to Fudoki ni Mirareru Fushigina Kotoba to Jōdai Nihon Retto ni Okeru Ainugo no Bunpu" [Strange Words in the Man'yoshū and the Fudoki and the Distribution of the Ainu Language in the Japanese Islands in Prehistory] (PDF). Kokusai Nihon Bunka Kenkyū Sentā.Proposed classificationsBengtson, John D. (2006). "A multilateral look at Greater Austric". Mother Tongue. 11: 219–258.
Georg, Stefan; Michalove, Peter A.; Ramer, Alexis Manaster; Sidwell, Paul J. (1999). "Telling general linguists about Altaic". Journal of Linguistics. 35: 65–98. doi:10.1017/s0022226798007312.
Greenberg, Joseph H. (2000–2002). Indo-European and Its Closest Relatives. Stanford: Stanford University Press. ISBN 978-0-8047-3812-5.
Patrie, James (1982). The Genetic Relationship of the Ainu Language. Honolulu: The University Press of Hawaii. ISBN 978-0-8248-0724-5.
Shafer, R. (1965). "Studies in Austroasian II". Studia Orientalia. 30 (5).
Street, John C. (1962). "Review of N. Poppe, Vergleichende Grammatik der altaischen Sprachen, Teil I (1960)". Language. 38 (1): 92–98. doi:10.2307/411195. JSTOR 411195.





Ningwaphuma or Ningwaphumang (niŋwaphumaŋ) is the almighty god in Kirat mythology, who first created the universe and Earth, per this story:
In the beginning, the earth was without form and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep. In the middle of such darkness, a forceful power existed. He was the omnipresent God Almighty about whom nothing can be said.
Almighty God caused the creation of the small burning fire, of the great light, of water, and of wind.





Nidd Gorge makes up a section of the River Nidd in North Yorkshire, England, in which the river enters a deep ravine with sheer, tree covered valley sides. The river as a whole flows from its source near Great Whernside in Nidderdale (part of the Yorkshire Dales), to its confluence with the River Ouse near Nun Monkton. Nidd Gorge makes up approximately 3 miles (4.8 km) of the entire length of the river, and stretches from the now defunct Nidd viaduct at Bilton in Harrogate to Grimbald Bridge, just south of Knaresborough.


== Background ==
The 120 feet (37 m) gorge was cut out of the soft sandstone during the last Ice Age. Humans were first active in this area around 5,000 years ago, but the extensive woodland has only been there since the early 17th century.During the 18th century and the advent of the industrial revolution, mills began to operate along this stretch of the river, using the force of the water to drive the machinery. Scotton Flax mill was erected in 1798 and run by the company Eteson Dearlove until it ceased operation in 1851. Although this mill was classified as being in Bilton, there was actually another Bilton mill on the other side of the weir, which shared the Scotton weir with Scotton Flax mill as its source of power. Most evidence of this mill has since disappeared, while the 'Scotton' mill still stands, although it has been deindustrialised and now exists as a private residence.


== Management ==
In 1982, Harrogate Borough Council set up the Nidd Gorge Management Project in a bid to make the 68 acres (28 ha) area more accessible to hikers and cyclists, as the path along the river became treacherous and often impassable when there had been heavy rain. In areas in which the path was particularly susceptible to becoming impassable after heavy rain, the council placed duck boards which enable users of the route to easily negotiate any areas of the path which are likely to become particularly muddy.Since this work has been carried out, the route is now popular among hikers and cyclists from all over Yorkshire, and the United Kingdom as a whole. The woodland in this area is also popular among birdwatchers, who come to observe the variety of species which inhabit the gorge. The project keeps a very close watch on the wildlife in this area as well as maintaining the route for hikers and cyclists, and as such is largely responsible for keeping the gorge an idyllic route for all members of the public. The woodland which surrounds Nidd Gorge is cared for by Woodland Trust who currently manage over 1000 areas of woodland within the United Kingdom.The Nidd viaduct at the western end of the gorge, used to carry a railway between Harrogate and Pateley Bridge, Northallerton and Thirsk, and was closed in 1967. It now carries the Nidderdale Greenway, a tarmac path that allows walkers, cyclists and those in wheelchairs or mobility scooters to travel the 4 miles (6.4 km) between the Bilton area of Harrogate and Ripley. The gorge and the greenway itself are under threat from a new inner ring road proposal linking Knaresborough and the north end of Harrogate.


== Wildlife ==
A wide variety of wildlife inhabits the gorge. The area is especially known among local entomologists for the diverse range of butterflies, and high number of rare species of ladybirds. There are also many species of birds who live in the mixture of deciduous and coniferous woodland, such as treecreepers, nuthatches, and even the lesser spotted woodpecker.


== References ==


== External links ==
Nidd Gorge Woodland Trust
Knaresborough Nidd Gorge Conservation Group
Bilton Conservation Group
Harrogate Borough Council OS map of the area





Pocket gophers, commonly referred to as just gophers, are burrowing rodents of the family Geomyidae. There are about 35 species, all endemic to North and Central America.  They are commonly known for their extensive tunneling activities and their ability to destroy farms and gardens.

The name pocket gopher on its own may be used to refer to any of a number of genera within the Geomyidae family. These are the "true" gophers, but several ground squirrels in the distantly related Sciuridae family are often called "gophers", as well. The origin of the word 'gopher' is uncertain; French gaufre, meaning 'waffle', has been suggested, on account of the gopher tunnels resembling the honeycomb-like pattern of holes in a waffle; another suggestion is that the word is of Muskogean origin.


== Description ==
Gophers weigh around 0.5 lb (230 g), and are about 6–8 in (150–200 mm) in body length, with a tail 1–2 in (25–51 mm) long. A few species reach weights approaching 1 kg (2.2 lb).  Within any species, the males are larger than the females and can be nearly double their weight.Average lifespans are one to three years. The maximum lifespan for the pocket gopher is about five years. Some gophers, such as those in the genus Geomys, have lifespans that have been documented as up to seven years in the wild.Most gophers have brown fur that often closely matches the color of the soil in which they live.  Their most characteristic features are their large cheek pouches, from which the word "pocket" in their name derives.  These pouches are fur-lined, can be turned inside out, and extend from the side of the mouth well back onto the shoulders. Gophers have small eyes and a short, hairy tail, which they use to feel around tunnels when they walk backwards.
Pocket gophers have often been found to carry external parasites. Common predators of the gopher include weasels, snakes, and hawks.


=== Behavior ===
All pocket gophers create a network of tunnel systems that provide protection and a means of collecting food. They are larder hoarders, and their cheek pouches are used for transporting food back to their burrows. Gophers can collect large hoards. Unlike ground squirrels, gophers do not live in large communities and seldom find themselves above ground. Tunnel entrances can be identified by small piles of loose soil covering the opening. Burrows are in many areas where the soil is softer and easily tunneled. Gophers often visit vegetable gardens, lawns, or farms, as gophers like moist soil (see Soil biomantle). This has led to their frequent treatment as pests.
Gophers eat plant roots, shrubs, and other vegetables such as carrots, lettuce, radishes, and any other vegetables with juice. Some species are considered agricultural pests. The resulting destruction of plant life then leaves the area a stretch of denuded soil.  At the same time, the soil disturbance created by  turning it over can lead to the early establishment of Ecological succession in Communities of r-selected and other Ruderal plant species.  The stashing and subsequent decomposition of plant material in the gophers' larder can produce deep fertilization of the soil.
Pocket gophers are solitary outside of the breeding season, aggressively maintaining territories that vary in size depending on the resources available. Males and females may share some burrows and nesting chambers if their territories border each other, but in general, each pocket gopher inhabits its own individual tunnel system. Although they attempt to flee when threatened, they may attack other animals, including cats and humans, and can inflict serious bites with their long, sharp teeth.
Depending on the species and local conditions, pocket gophers may have a specific annual breeding season, or may breed repeatedly through the year. Each litter typically consists of two to five young, although this may be much higher in some species. The young are born blind and helpless, and are weaned around 40 days old.


== Control ==
Geomys and Thomomys species are classed as "prohibited new organisms" under New Zealand's Hazardous Substances and New Organisms Act 1996, preventing them from being imported into the country.


== Classification ==
Much debate exists among taxonomists about which races of pocket gophers should be recognized as full species, and the following list cannot be regarded as definitive.

Family Geomyidae
Genus Cratogeomys; some authors treat this genus as a subgenus of Pappogeomys.
Yellow-faced pocket gopher (Cratogeomys castanops)
Oriental Basin pocket gopher (C. fulvescens)
Smoky pocket gopher (C. fumosus)
Goldman's pocket gopher (C. goldmani)
Merriam's pocket gopher (C. merriami)
Genus Geomys - eastern pocket gophers; principally live in the southwestern United States, east of the Sierra Nevada mountains
Desert pocket gopher (Geomys arenarius)
Attwater's pocket gopher (G. attwateri)
Baird's pocket gopher (G. breviceps)
Plains pocket gopher (G. bursarius)
Knox Jones's pocket gopher (G. knoxjonesi)
Texas pocket gopher (G. personatus)
Southeastern pocket gopher (G. pinetis)
Central Texas pocket gopher (G. texensis)
Tropical pocket gopher (G. tropicalis)
Genus Orthogeomys - giant pocket gophers or taltuzas; live in Mexico, Central America, and Colombia
Chiriqui pocket gopher (Orthogeomys cavator)
Cherrie's pocket gopher (O. cherriei)
Oaxacan pocket gopher (O. cuniculus)
Darien pocket gopher (O. dariensis)
Giant pocket gopher (O. grandis)
Variable pocket gopher (O. heterodus)
Hispid pocket gopher (O. hispidus)
Big pocket gopher (O. lanius)
Nicaraguan pocket gopher (O. matagalpae)
Thaeler's pocket gopher (O. thaeleri)
Underwood's pocket gopher (O. underwoodi)
Genus Pappogeomys; live in Mexico
Alcorn's pocket gopher (P. alcorni)
Buller's pocket gopher (P. bulleri)
Genus Thomomys - western pocket gophers; widely distributed in North America, extending into the northwestern US, Canada, and the southeastern US.
Botta's pocket gopher (T. bottae)
Camas pocket gopher (T. bulbivorus)
Wyoming pocket gopher (T. clusius)
Idaho pocket gopher (T. idahoensis)
Mazama pocket gopher (T. mazama)
Mountain pocket gopher (T. monticola)
Northern pocket gopher (T. talpoides)
Townsend's pocket gopher (T. townsendii)
Southern pocket gopher (T. umbrinus)
Genus Zygogeomys
Michoacan pocket gopher or tuza (Zygogeomys trichopus)Some sources also list a genus Hypogeomys, with one species, but this genus name is normally used for the Malagasy giant rat, which belongs to the family Nesomyidae.


== In popular culture ==
Minnesota is nicknamed the "Gopher State", and the University of Minnesota's athletics teams are collectively known as the Golden Gophers, led by mascot Goldy Gopher.
Internet Gopher protocol was created at the University of Minnesota.
Gainer the Gopher is the mascot of the Saskatchewan Roughriders in the Canadian Football League.
A gopher also plays a key role in the film Caddyshack.
The mascot of the Go programming language is the Go Gopher.
Gordon the Gopher is an English puppet gopher which appeared on Children's BBC (CBBC) between 1985 and 1987.
Gophers! was a British children's programme that ran on Channel 4 between 1988 and 1990.
Gopher is a character in the Disney cartoon adaptations of the children's book Winnie-the-Pooh.
Golly Gopher is a character in the 2006 Cartoon Network movie "Re-Animated" and the 2007 series "Out of Jimmy's Head"


== See also ==

Naked mole rat
Mole


== References ==


== External links ==
Article on the Animal Diversity Web site
 "Pocket-gopher" . Encyclopædia Britannica (11th ed.). 1911.
 "Gopher" . The American Cyclopædia. 1879.





Clan Cumming, (Scottish Gaelic: Na Cuimeinich [nə ˈkʰɯ̃mɛnɪç]) also known as Clan Comyn, is a Scottish clan from the central Highlands that played a major role in the history of 13th-century Scotland and in the Wars of Scottish Independence. The Clan Comyn were the most powerful family in 13th-century Scotland, until they were defeated in civil war by their rival to the Scottish throne, Robert the Bruce.


== History ==


=== Origin of the clan ===
Like many of the families that came to power under King David I of Scotland, the Comyn clan is of Norman or Flemish origin. The surname is either a place-name, possibly derived from Bosc-Bénard-Commin, near Rouen in the Duchy of Normandy, or from Comines, near Lille, in France.Richard Comyn, the nephew of William Comyn, chancellor to King David, is the one who established this family in Scotland. His son was William Comyn, who married Marjory, Countess of Buchan. William's mother was Hextilda, the granddaughter of king Donald III of Scotland. His son was Walter Comyn, the man who acquired the lordship of Badenoch.  The seat of power was Ruthven Castle. Ruthven Castle commanded the northern end of two passes over the Mounth, the Drumochter and Minigaig passes. This lordship passed to his nephew, the first John Comyn. This John was the first to be known as "the Red" Comyn. He was a descendant of William Comyn, Earl of Buchan, by the earl's first wife, Sarah Fiz Hugh.
The chiefs also possessed the lordship of Lochaber.  Here can be found the remains of Inverlochy Castle, built by the Comyns about 1270–1280.The Comyns were forced to sign an oath of allegiance to Henry III of England in 1244. However, the English king recognized the Comyn's political leadership in Scotland when in 1251, as the father-in-law to Alexander III of Scotland, he returned them to power during the minority period. It was only when Henry supported a take over of the Scottish government in 1255 that the Comyns resorted to kidnapping the young Alexander III in 1257. When Alexander III's minority ended, the Comyns, instead of suffering political eclipse dominated public offices between 1260 and 1286.


=== John "the Black" Comyn ===
The son of the first John Comyn was John II Comyn, Lord of Badenoch, known as John "the Black" Comyn. He had a claim to the throne based on his descent from king Donald III of Scotland (Donald Bane). John was made one of the six guardians of Scotland after the death of King Alexander III, in 1286. Their duty was to act as regents for Margaret of Norway, heir to the Scottish throne; however, she died en route to Scotland. King Edward I of England was asked to step in and decide who had the best claim to the crown of Scotland.  He decided in favour of John Balliol.  John Comyn had married Eleanor Balliol, daughter of John I de Balliol, between 1270 and 1283. The Black Comyn died at Lochindorb Castle in about 1303, a castle the Comyns built in the thirteenth century.


=== John "the Red" Comyn ===


==== Wars of Scottish Independence ====
The son of the Black Comyn was John, known as the Red Comyn (John III Comyn, Lord of Badenoch). This John Comyn was a descendant of both kings Donald III and David I, as his maternal grandmother was Devorguilla of Galloway, the daughter of Margaret of Huntingdon. John Comyn married Joan de Valence. At this time the two main branches of the Clan Comyn were the Comyn Lords of Badenoch and Lochaber, and the Comyn Earls of Buchan.By controlling key castles, the Comyns also controlled the main lines of communication, especially in northern Scotland, where their power stretched from Inverlochy Castle in the west to Slains Castle in the east. Between these two points, they had allied forces strategically situated in the following castles: Ruthven Castle, Lochindorb Castle, Blair Castle, Balvenie Castle, Dundarg Castle, Cairnbulg Castle, Castle of Rattray and Kingedward. In particular Clan Comyn castles controlled important passes from the north and west highlands into the Tay basin. A third main branch of the Clan Comyn, the Comyns of Kilbride, held power in southern and central Scotland. They held castles at Kirkintilloch (Dumbartonshire), Dalswinton (Nithsdale), Cruggleton Castle (Galloway), Bedrule, Scraesburgh (Roxburghshire) and Kilbride (East Kilbride). In addition to their private holdings, the Clan Comyn also held a number of royal castles through their role as hereditary sheriffs at Dingwall Castle, Banff Castle (in the north) and Wigtown in the south west. In the early 1290s, the Clan Comyn took additional responsibility for royal castles, including Aberdeen Castle and Jedburgh Castle, as well as castles at Kirkcudbright, Clunie, Dull and Brideburgh.Comyn influence over the political scene was strengthened by marriages with the earls of Marr, Ross, Angus, Strathearn and Fife, and with the powerful families of Clan MacDougall, Clan Murray, the Balliols, Mowbrays, Umphravilles and Soules. Other prominent allies of the Comyns were the Clan Graham, Clan Fraser, Clan Sinclair, the Cheynes, Mowats, Lochores, Clan Maxwell and Clan Hay.The long-standing authority of the Clan Comyn (Cumming) was witnessed by their extended tenure of the Justiciarship of Scotia, the most important political and administrative office in the kingdom. Three successive Comyn Lords of Badenoch and Earls of Buchan were justiciars of Scotia for no fewer than sixty six years between 1205 and 1304. See: William Comyn, Lord of Badenoch and Alexander Comyn, Earl of Buchan.
After suffering a succession of indignities, the Scottish people were forced into rebellion. John III Comyn, Lord of Badenoch, known as John "the red" Comyn was a leader in Scottish independence. With the outbreak of war between England and Scotland, Comyn, his father, and his cousin, John Comyn, Earl of Buchan, crossed the border and attacked Carlisle on 26 March 1296, defended for King Edward I of England by Robert Bruce, Earl of Carrick, the father of the future king of Scotland.John Comyn became the most powerful political and military leader in Scotland from 1302 to 1304. He led the Scottish army against the English in the Battle of Roslin, 23 February 1303. John's greatly outnumbered army faced and beat the well-trained English army. However, many of the Red Comyn's allies made peace with Edward I of England, and so John submitted to King Edward I of England at Strathhord on 9 February 1304.On 10 February 1306 John Comyn, Lord of Badenoch and Robert the Bruce met in the church of the Grey Friars, Dumfries where Bruce murdered Comyn. The reasons are disputed. One account claims that the Bruce knew he had to gain the support of John Comyn; however, John was outraged when it was proposed he betray his terms with King Edward I of England.  It is likely that Robert Bruce stabbed the Red Comyn at the high altar, and his companions finished the job. Sir Robert Comyn, uncle to the Comyn chief, was killed while defending his nephew. Both the Comyn chief titles as Lord of Badenoch and Earl of Buchan were forfeited to the crown.
John Comyn's son, also named John, was defeated by Robert the Bruce in a skirmish. Comyn fled to join the English and was later killed at the Battle of Bannockburn in 1314, fighting for the English, against Bruce. Any hopes of the Comyns returning to power ended at Bannockburn. Adomar Comyn, the son of John, died just two years later and was the last male of the Badenoch line.  The lands in Badenoch, once the centre of Comyn power, were given to the Clan Macpherson for supporting Robert Bruce. The fall of the Badenoch Comyns removed the Comyns from politics in Scotland although other branches of the clan continued to thrive. The spelling of the name Comyn generally became Cumming and the Cummings of Altyre were recognized as the clan chiefs.


=== 14th-, 15th- & 16th-century clan conflicts ===
At the beginning of the fifteenth century, Clan Comyn, now known as Clan Cumming, had been reduced to a Highland clan. But its members played a significant part in the history and culture of the Badenoch, Strathspey, and Aberdeenshire regions of Scotland.
In the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries, the Cummings carried on significant, and bloody, feuds with Clan Macpherson, Clan Shaw, and Clan Brodie over lands in Nairnshire. In 1550 Alexander Brodie, chief of Clan Brodie and 100 others were denounced as rebels for attacking the Cummings of Altyre.In 1424, the Comyns forcibly took possession of some of the Clan Mackintosh lands at Meikle Geddes and Rait, but Malcolm Mackintosh retaliated and put many of the Comyns to the sword. This action was met with retaliation by the Comyns, who invaded the Mackintosh homeland of Moy and unsuccessfully tried to drown the Mackintoshes on their island of Moy. A feast of reconciliation was held at the Comyn's castle of Rait, but the Mackintoshes slaughtered their Comyn hosts.In 1594, the Clan Cumming supported the Earl of Huntly, chief of Clan Gordon, along with the Clan Cameron at the Battle of Glenlivet, where they defeated the Earl of Argyll, chief of Clan Campbell. He was supported by the Chattan Confederation of Clan Mackintosh, the Clan Murray, and the Clan Forbes.
During the late sixteenth and throughout the seventeenth century, members of the clan were known for their musical talents. They served as the hereditary pipers and fiddlers to the Laird of Grant of Clan Grant.


=== Cumming Clan today ===
Many members of the Cumming (Comyn) clan left Scotland for greener pastures, some went to Ireland, England and Wales; others later migrated in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries to North America, Australia, South Africa, and New Zealand. Due to the diffusion of the clan, spelling of the family name changed over time. Spellings in different regions include, the Scottish Cumming or Comyn, the Irish Cummins or O'Comyn, the English Cummings, as well as Cummin, Cummins, Cumins, Cummine, Coman, Cuming, Comins, Comin, Comings, Comeens, and Common.


== Chiefs and seat ==
After the death of the last chief in the Badenoch line, the chiefship fell on the Cummings of Altyre. It is retained by this family to the present. The current Chief is Sir Alexander "Alastair" Penrose Cumming of Altyre, a descendant of Sir Robert Comyn, the knight who was killed while defending his nephew, John the Red Comyn.
The clan seat is at Altyre, Moray, Scotland.


== Castles ==
Castles held by the Clan Comyn and later by their descendants the Clan Cumming have included amongst many others:

Inverlochy Castle, a mile north-east of Fort William, is a ruinous courtyard castle that has a round tower at each corner, the largest of which is known as the Comyn's Tower. The lands were held by the Comyns but passed to the Gordons of Huntly.
Lochindorb Castle, near Grantown-on-Spey, held by the Comyns and visited by Edward I of England in 1303. Later passed to the Stewarts.
Dunphail Castle, a few miles south of Forres, Moray, was a property of the Comyn's that was besieged in 1330, and as a result Alasdair Comyn of Dunphail and four of his men were captured after trying to leave the castle to find meal. They were beheaded and their heads flung over the walls, allegedly with the words "here's your beef for your bannocks". Five decapitated skeletons were reputedly found buried near the castle. The garrison of the castle also tried to flee but were slaughtered. Headless ghosts are said to haunt the old ruin and tales of the sounds of groans and fighting have also been reported. The lands later passed to the Dunbars, but nearby Dunphail House was built in 1828 for the Cummings, and it was designed by William Playfair.
Balvenie Castle, Moray, Scotland, was held by the Comyns, but was slighted by their rival Robert the Bruce in 1308, and then passed to the Clan Douglas.
Banff Castle, at Banff, Aberdeenshire.
Bedrule Castle, in the Scottish Borders, held by the Comyns and visited by Edward I of England in 1298.
Blair Castle, Perth, was once held by the Comyns.
Cadzow Castle, Hamilton, South Lanarkshire.
Castle Grant, Inverness, Scotland
Castle of Rattray, Crimond, Aberdeenshire a ruin, though the land is still held by the family.
Castle Roy, near Grantown-on-Spey.
Comyn's Castle, near East Kilbride.
Dalswinton Castle, Dumfries.
Delgatie Castle, Aberdeenshire.
Dundarg Castle, Aberdeenshire.
Ellon Castle, Aberdeenshire.
Inchtalla Castel, Stirlingshire.
Kirkintilloch Castle, Lanarkshire.
Mains Castle, East Kilbride, was held by the Comyns but passed to the Lindsays in 1382.
Old Slains Castle, Aberdeenshire.
Pitsligo Castle, Rosehearty, Aberdeenshire, was held by the Comyns
Pittulie Castle, near Rosehearty, Aberdeenshire, was held by the Cumines and the sold to Sir William Forbes
Rait Castle, Nairn.
Ruthven Barracks, near Kingussie, is the site of a castle once owned by the Comyns.
Urquhart Castle, near Inverness.


== Tartans ==


== Chief' arms ==
Arms of the chief (Cumming): Azure, three garbs Or. Crest: A lion rampant Or holding in his dexter paw a dagger Proper. Motto: Courage. Supporters: Two horses Argent.
Arms of the Comyns of Buchan: Azure, three garbs Or.
Arms of the Comyns of Badenoch: Gules three garbs Or.
Arms of Gordon-Cumming: Quarterly, 1st & 4th, three garbs Or (Cumming); 2nd & 3rd, Argent, three bends Sable, each charged with as many roses of the field (Penrose); overall, in an escutcheon Argent, is placed the Arms, Crest, Motto and Supporters of Gordon of Gordonston


== Religious sites ==
Clan Cumming is associated with these religious sites :

Altyre Kirk, Moray, Scotland
Cumbernauld Chapel, Lanark, Scotland
Deer Abbey, Aberdeen, Scotland
Glasgow Cathedral, Strathclyde, Scotland
Inchmahome Priory, Perth, Scotland


== See also ==
Battle of the Pass of Brander
Battle of Roslin
Comyn (disambiguation)
Cummins
Cummings (disambiguation)
Buchan
Earl of Buchan
John "the Black" Comyn
John "the Red" Comyn


== Notes and references ==


== External links ==
Clan Cumming Society of the USA
Clan Cumming @ Electric Scotland
"Clann Chuimein- The Cumins" entry in RR McIan's Costumes of the Clans of Scotland





Tighassaline is a town in Khénifra Province, Béni Mellal-Khénifra, Morocco. According to the 2004 census it has a population of 7336.It lies on the N8 highway, 26 kilometres south of Khénifra. Tighassaline hosts a weekly souk on Saturday, located at the northern edge of the town. The town is situated on a hill in a Middle Atlas valley, hemmed in by various mountains. To the south, Sidi Bou Ali sits near the top of Jbel al Bocta.  


== Demographics ==


== References ==





Giorgi Gabidauri (Georgian: გიორგი ჯაბადარი; born 6 December 1979) is a Georgian professional football player.


== Career statistics ==
As of 3 March 2014


== References ==


== External links ==
Giorgi Gabidauri at Soccerway
Giorgi Gabidauri at National-Football-Teams.com





Expectations regarding good manners differ from person to person and vary according to each situation. As the perception of behaviors and actions vary, intercultural competence is essential. However, a lack of knowledge about the customs and expectations of people in Australia and New Zealand can make even the best intentioned person seem ignorant, inconsiderate or even rude.


== Shared expectations ==
Australia and New Zealand are separate countries, each with its own distinct national identity that includes particular customs and rules of etiquette. Confusing their identities in general conversation is usually not tolerated and will be quickly corrected. Points of etiquette that apply to both countries include the following:


=== GeneralIn general, Australians and New Zealanders have a notable preference for rote niceties, the classic "P's & Q's"; especially the word "please," but also the phrases "thank you," and "excuse me."It is also considered good manners to say "excuse me" when asking to move past or between other people or when asking a question. ===


=== Language ===
Requesting a fanny pack can be considered obscene due to the use of "fanny" as a slang term for female genitalia. "Bum bag" is the acceptable local variation in some areas.  Australians and New Zealanders are generally tolerant of foreigners making this mistake and will understand both.
An enquiry about a person's well being (such as "How's it going?", "How are you going?" or "How are ya?") is a common greeting.  Generally the accepted response is non-negative; "Good thanks", "Not too bad" or "Pretty good, mate", and it is considered polite to ask the person the same question back.  It is considered polite to greet 'anyone including strangers, in this way.
Bragging/Boasting (called 'skiting' by some New Zealanders), or initiating discussion of one's own achievements, is usually considered in poor taste. (See tall poppy syndrome.)
It is acceptable to host a barbecue without supplying all the food and drink. The host may ask guests to bring particular items such as beverages, salad, or meat, often using the initialism "BYO" (Bring your own)
The term "bring a plate" is synonymous with "potluck"


=== Public places ===
As cars drive on the left side of the road in both countries, people moving forward will generally go to the left as well. When walking on the pavement (usually called the 'footpath'), one should walk on the left, whenever possible. When travelling on escalators or moving walkways, one should keep to the left when standing, or keep to the right when walking.
Spitting in the street or on the footpath is considered to be gross bad manners.


=== Bars and restaurants ===
When paying a cashier, it is usual to place the money in their hand. Change is usually placed in your hand in return. Snatching money out of a person's hand is considered very bad manners.
Tipping is not expected and some employees may not understand the gesture and return the money. Some employees are forbidden from accepting gratuities (this is mainly in positions of authority e.g. in a casino one cannot tip the dealer or a security guard however, this would not apply in a formal restaurant situation) and tipping face-to-face can create an awkward situation. However, one may like to add a tip to restaurant bills if the service has been especially good. It is also acceptable to suggest that taxi drivers or waiters "keep the change", especially if the difference is small. Tips may be as large or as small as you feel appropriate. Where tip jars are provided, they are mostly used for loose change or coins.
Queuing (getting in line/forming a line) is expected when there is any demand for an item or when waiting to board public transport, and is considered basic manners. Queues are formed on a first there first in line basis. The only exception to this is a pub where people will normally lean on the bar to wait but you should be aware of who is waiting ahead of you because it is rude to accept service from a barman before someone who has been waiting longer. A simple nod or subtle gesture towards the person who has waited longer will be understood by any experienced server to mean that the indicated person was before you.
When out with friends, co-workers or relatives, it is common but not compulsory for people to take turns buying rounds of drinks. This is referred to as a 'shout', e.g. "It's my shout."
A person who takes the last item of food from a common plate, without first offering it to the others at the table may be seen as greedy or inconsiderate. If someone does want more food in this situation and the remaining portion can be split, proposing to halve it is common.
You should treat people serving you as politely as you expect them to treat you. Use 'please' when placing an order or making a request and 'thank you' when you receive your order or service. They are there to help you, but they are not your inferiors; they are fellow human beings
Complaints in restaurants are rare. Most customers will merely refuse to revisit an establishment after bad food or service
Surcharges for use of less commonly used credit cards such as Diners Club and Amex commonly apply in many New Zealand and Australian establishments. To avoid conflict most establishments will advertise this with a sign of some sort near the cashier area
Arguing or yelling with staff in any establishment is considered very rude and inappropriate.
Common restaurant manners include using the knife and fork properly, refraining from burping and placing elbows on a table, placing your napkin on your lap and leaving it folded on the table after use, and eating neatly. Chewing open-mouthed (including chewing gum), slurping loudly, burping and talking with a full mouth are considered very rude. If you do any of these things accidentally, say "pardon me" or "excuse me."
It is considered bad manners to pick one's teeth with the fingers in public.


=== Driving ===
Waving as a gesture of thanks to drivers that stop to allow you into their lane, exit a driveway, merging into the lane, or cross at a crossing, is viewed as polite.
A common experience while travelling on state highways is being 'flashed' by oncoming vehicles. This is when an oncoming vehicle flicks its high beam headlights quickly but noticeably (day or night), and serves to warn drivers they are approaching a hazard: a speed camera or Police vehicle/Radar/Random Breath Test (most commonly), or a motor vehicle accident, or animals/rocks on the road . Many drivers acknowledge this with a return wave or a brief reply 'flash' of their high beam headlights.. It is also done to alert the other driver if they have neglected to turn their own headlights on when necessary.
When driving between towns and cities it is considered extremely rude to speed up in a passing lane, especially when going through winding areas of road where you may be taking corners much more slowly than others would.


== Australia ==


=== General ===
Although 70% of the population has some Anglo-Celtic ancestry, there is acknowledgement of the country's growing ethnic/racial diversity.
Making jokes at another's expense or "taking the piss" is common in Australian society and is often a bonding process. However, it is frowned upon and considered cowardly to make jokes in the absence of the subject. Contrary to many other countries, Australians will generally wait until the subject is present before making derogatory jokes. For example, when an Australian meets a New Zealander on holiday, they may ask if they brought velcro gloves in order to get a better grip on those Australian sheep. (See point below re New Zealanders' thoughts on sheep jokes)


=== Language ===
"Indigenous Australian" and "Aboriginal person/Torres Strait Islander" are polite terms, also regional/state preferences such as "Koori" are also acceptable as long the person in question and you both consider each other friends. Aboriginal refers to Indigenous people from the mainland, the Torres Strait Islanders are a separate group with their own cultural traditions. "Abo", "Coon", "Gin" and "Boong" or "Boonga" are all considered offensive and unacceptable in formal conversation when describing Aborigines but are sometimes in casual conversations even when one of the participants is of Indigenous descent, though this is controversial and often frowned upon. "Aboriginal" is now used only as an adjective, although older documents may still use it as a noun (e.g. "Aboriginals").  Note that the words "Coon" and "Gin" are not always considered offensive in other contexts - the former being a popular brand of cheese and the latter a common drink. The politest option is to simply avoid the issue of race.
State/ regional preferences for specific names for groups of Indigenous Australians have also arisen in recent years: The term Koori (or Koorie) in New South Wales or Victoria. Those from Queensland use the term Murri (pronounced the same as "Murray"). Nunga is used in most of South Australia. Noongar is used in southern Western Australia. Anangu is used in northern South Australia, and neighbouring parts of Western Australia and the Northern Territory. Palawah is used in Tasmania. However, there were over 200 different languages at the time of European settlement, which means these terms are very specific.


=== Ethnic issues ===
In the UK, the term "Paki" is considered racially offensive; however, the word also evolved in parallel in Australia as a shortened form of "Pakistani", similar to the shortening of "Australian" to "Aussie". Usually used in a cricketing context, in Australian usage the word refers specifically and solely to people who are Pakistani and carries no derogatory intent.


==== Indigenous Australians ====
Amongst Indigenous Australians, it can be taboo to refer to deceased Indigenous Australians by name, or through use of images.


== New Zealand ==


=== MāoriCorrect pronunciation of Māori words and placenames, and the word "Māori" itself, is often important to Māori, although usually less so to non-Māori. ===
It is incorrect to pluralise "Māori" and loan words from Māori by adding an "s". There is no letter "s" in the Māori language, and plurality is indicated by the articles (te/nga/ngati) appearing before the word rather than a word ending.
Sitting on or resting one's backside against a table or desk can offend Māori. A table is where food is served and should not be touched by the "unclean" regions. Similarly, you should not sit on a pillow; the head is tapu (sacred), and pillows are for resting heads only.
Shoes should always be removed before entering the wharenui (meeting house) on a marae. Never eat inside a meeting house — the building is regarded as tapu (sacred).


== See also ==
Modern Etiquette
Etiquette in Africa
Etiquette in Asia
Etiquette in Canada and the United States
Etiquette in Europe
Etiquette in Latin America
Etiquette in the Middle East
Worldwide etiquette


== References ==





Kluning is the act of walking overland on ice skates. The word is derived from the Frisian word klunecode: fry promoted to code: fy .
In tour skating it is not always possible to travel the entire distance by skate. The ice under bridges might be too thin or kept open for transportational purposes. In this case, the skater is forced to take off his skates, walk a certain distance and put his skates back on to carry on his trip. 'Kluning' however makes it possible to win time by walking the distance on land on skates. Planks or mats are placed in advance, to avoid damage to the blades.


== References ==





Comet is the ninth album from The Bouncing Souls. It was released on June 12, 2012 by Rise Records in conjunction with Chunksaah Records, the band's own label. It was produced by Bill Stevenson and recorded at The Blasting Room. It debuted at number 110 on the Billboard 200 chart.


== Track listing ==


== Credits ==
The Bouncing SoulsGreg Attonito – vocals
Pete Steinkopf – guitar
Bryan Kienlen – bass
Michael McDermott – drumsArtworkBryan Kienlen – Artwork
John J. Sass – Liner Notes
Zak Kaplan – Layout, PhotographyProductionBill Stevenson – Producer, engineer
Jason Livermore – Mastering, engineer, mixing, producer
Chris Beeble & Andrew Berlin – Engineers


== References ==





Libertad is the second and final studio album by American hard rock band Velvet Revolver, released on July 3, 2007. The name is Spanish and translates to "Liberty" or "freedom" in English. According to a 2007 interview with Rolling Stone, along with the Stone Temple Pilots albums Core and Stone Temple Pilots, Libertad is one of only three albums lead singer Scott Weiland wrote while sober.


== Release and promotion ==
Velvet Revolver originally announced their plans for a second album in late 2005, when lead singer Scott Weiland said that the band was planning on recording a concept album. Although it is not certain how concrete the concept album plans were, they were eventually scrapped and the band began to work with producer Rick Rubin. However, the bandmembers felt that Rubin was not a good fit for the band and thus parted ways with him. In December 2006, Velvet Revolver began working with producer Brendan O'Brien, who had previously produced albums for Stone Temple Pilots, Weiland's former band. As Scott Weiland commented in Kerrang! magazine, "We were really excited about six months ago, when we first began writing. Then we really kind of flat-lined for a while, We didn't know which way we were going. Once Brendan (O'Brien) came on board, it was kind of like a shot in the arm. It was a new energy." Recording began on December 11 and continued through December, January, and February. The process was documented by a series of video blogs, or "Vlogs", available on the band's website.
On June 26, 2007, Velvet Revolver released a sneak peek of Libertad in its entirety.
Libertad was a released as an Enhanced-CD which includes a 10-minute video documentary called "Re-Evolution: The Making of Libertad" (Directed by Rocco Guarino). A deluxe Best Buy edition was also released which includes a DVD containing a 30-minute documentary called "Tierra Roja, Sangre Roja" (Directed by Rocco Guarino), that documented the band's journey across South America.
To promote the album, Velvet Revolver embarked on a South American tour with Aerosmith. The final performance saw 70,000 fans in attendance. Shortly thereafter, VR embarked on a North American club tour, revealing several new songs. The band also played major music festivals such as the Download Festival. On August 2007, they began a North American arena tour with Alice in Chains, and later toured Europe and Asia.
Songs from the album were featured at X Games XIII as being the official background music to the event. The track "Let It Roll" is also used as the official theme song for the 2007 WWE Diva Search. The song "American Man" has also been used in promotional ads for the popular drama Prison Break.


== Reception ==
The album debuted at number five on the U.S. Billboard 200, selling 92,000 copies in its first week; as of October 12, 2007, it has sold 222,000 copies and had fallen off the charts. Compared to the multi-platinum success of Contraband, Libertad was seen as a commercial disappointment for the band. The album is certified Gold in New Zealand and Canada. Upon its release, Libertad received generally positive reviews and was said to possibly be "THE rock record of the summer" according to the Associated Press. Rolling Stone also gave the album a good review, stating that "there is plenty of thrill in the fuzz-lined hard-rubber bends of Slash's guitar breaks and the way bassist Duff McKagan keeps time, like a cop swinging a billy club" and that the album had "honest depth."


== Controversy ==


=== Pinochet's regime allusion ===
The album's cover features a stylized 10 Chilean pesos coin produced from 1973 to 1990. The coin is an allusion to the Coup d'état in Chile in 1973 against the socialist president Salvador Allende. During the Augusto Pinochet military dictatorship, the coin bore the image of the winged female figure. To her side, in small Roman numerals, the date of the coup d'état is marked (September 11, 1973), and underneath the word Libertad ("Freedom", meant as "freedom" from Marxism) is written in capitals. After the restoration of democracy, Pinochet's winged female was replaced with the portrait of the Chilean independence hero Bernardo O'Higgins.
It was later stated by Slash, in an interview in September 2007 by 102.1 The Edge in Dallas, the image came from a friend's old Chilean 10 pesos necklace. Slash reported that he had no idea what the significance of the image was until a concert in Brazil.


== Track listing ==
All music composed by Scott Weiland, Slash, Duff McKagan, Matt Sorum and Dave Kushner, except where noted. All lyrics written by Scott Weiland, except where noted.


== Personnel ==


== Miscellaneous ==
Slash used a Vox AC30 amplifier to record some parts.
Slash played "The Last Fight" and "Gravedancer" clean parts with a Gretsch 6120 Setzer.


== References ==


== External links ==
Libertad at Metacritic





Einar W. Sissener (10 February 1929 – 22 June 2008) was a Norwegian businessperson, known as CEO of Alpharma.
His grandfather founded the pharmacy company Apothekernes Laboratorium in 1903. Sissener took over the leadership of the company from his father, Wilhelm Sissener. A sister company A.L. Laboratories Inc was established in the United States in 1975, and listed on the American Stock Exchange in 1984. Apothekernes Laboratorium was listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 1989. The companies were merged, and the name changed to Alpharma, in 1994. Sissener retired as CEO in 2000; from 2000 to 2006 he was chairman of the board.
Sissener was active in sport sailing, sometimes sailing on the boat of King Harald V. His own sailboat was named "Al Capone".
He died at the age of 79 at Ullevål University Hospital.


== References ==
Moe, Ingrid Elisabeth (2 July 2008). "Einar W. Sissener er død". Dagens Næringsliv (in Norwegian). Retrieved 2008-07-20.





Publishers' Licensing Services (PLS), formerly The Publishers Licensing Society, is a not-for-profit organisation that represents many book, magazine and journal publishers based in the United Kingdom. PLS works to ensure that publishers are fairly compensated for any copying of their works through the collective licensing scheme, among other rights management services, which have become an increasing important secondary revenue stream for publishers. Its primary goal is to oversee collective licensing in the UK for book, journal, magazine and website copying. The society was established in 1981. Together with the Authors' Licensing and Collecting Society, PLS own and direct the Copyright Licensing Agency. They also work in partnership with NLA media access.
PLS distributed over £34m to publishers from collective licensing in 2017–18, and they work to encourage innovation and good practice in rights management, whether that is in print or online.Services
PLS also provide a range of rights management services and initiatives.


== What is Collective Licensing? ==
Collective Licensing offers a simple and cost effective solution both for those who wish to copy from published materials without breaking the law, and for rights holders where direct licensing would be inefficient and unduly burdensome.
A blanket license allows users to copy from a broad range of repertoire in return for a license fee. The license fee is paid to the rights holders whose publications have been shown to have been copied.


== Governance and authority ==
PLS is a not-for-profit company limited by guarantee. It is owned and controlled by the four trade associations representing publishers' interests: the Association of Learned and Professional Society Publishers (ALPSP); the Independent Publishers Guild (IPG); the Professional Publishers Association (PPA); the Publishers' Association (PA).
Up to three directors are nominated by each of the trade association members of PLS (the Association of Learned and Professional Publishers, the Professional Publishers Association, the Independent Publishers Guild and the Publishers Association) and are approved by the Board. The Chairman is appointed by the Board and is independent of the members. The Chief Executive is appointed by the Board.


== History and collective licensing ==
With the introduction of the dry photocopier in the early 1970s, the situation on control of copyright in the UK’s main institutions ran out of control.  Machines appeared everywhere and infringements proliferated.
A committee was formed, chaired by Mr Justice Whitford, on Copyright and Design Law and asked to investigate the situation.  It reported early in 1977 and recommended collective copyright licensing as the solution.  It also recommended the abolition of the fair dealing and library privilege exceptions.  This was desired by publishers but never achieved.  Political pressure from information-users was always too great.Later that year, the Publishers' Association (PA) convened a Committee chaired by Lord Wolfenden, formerly Vice Chancellor of Reading University and Director of the British Museum, to look at the implementation of the Whitford proposals on licensing.  Represented on the Committee where the PA, the PPA, ALPSP, the Music Publishers Association, the Society of Authors, the Writers Guild and the Composer Guild.  The newspaper associations were invited to join but declined to participate.
Publishers were initially unresponsive to the concept of collective licensing, particularly on a blanket basis.  And at an early stage, the Music Publishers Association and the Composers Guild withdrew from the Wolfenden Committee.  They conducted two successful and much publicised actions against infringement by photocopying at a public school.  This encouraged them to think that the best solution was to issue a Code of Practice backed by legal action rather than licensing.  Printed music was excluded from the collective licence.  To this day music publishers have never returned.
The Wolfenden Committee made licensing of schools its first objective.  The Scottish local authorities always recognised the necessity of licensing.  In England and Wales, however, long arguments persisted that all their multiple copying was legal because it did not represent substantial parts of works.  The only course of action was to resort to law.  A case came to hand over the copying of technical drawings in Manchester local authority.  The local authorities backed down and agreed to negotiate a licence. So did the universities, where solicitors’ letters had been issued over similar infringements.
Lord Wolfenden bowed out of the scene and leading copyright lawyer Denis de Freitas was asked to work on the structure of the licensing agency.  Publishers wanted there to be an agency, but authors insisted a forceful language from the President, Lord Willis, that all their payments must go through ALCS.  It was therefore necessary to form the Publishers Licensing Society, established in 1981, to manage publishers’ rights and pay publishers accordingly.
Setting up a licensing structure on the publishing side had been met by loans from the PA and PPA.  When the Copyright Licensing Agency was formed, PLS passed all administration of collective licensing to the new body.  Colin Hadley was appointed as the Manager of CLA.  PLS was deliberately run as a low key operation in contrast to ALCS.  Eventually the profile of PLS was raised by expanding the management team.
The Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 was a landmark and demonstrated the wisdom of having put the societies and licensing agency in place.  The whole principle of licensing was endorsed and written into legislation via Chapter VII of the 1988 Act.
In April 2008 collective licensing completed a full circle with the launch of the first licenses in UK to cover the copying, or re-use, of digital material – the first of their kind to be developed in Europe.
Despite some operational tensions over rights and licensing proposals between PLS and CLA over the years, the creation of the two organisations has been a great success and now raises many millions of pounds each year for publishers.  Important to the success of PLS have been the avoidance by the principles (ALPSP, PA, & PPA) of any attempt to undermine each other's position and their willingness to consult with publishers to ensure that the various proposals were acceptable.
In September 2015, The Independent Publishers Guild (IPG) was accepted membership of the Publishers Licensing Society (PLS) — the first new member to join the society in more than three decades. The IPG is the first new member of PLS since it was established in 1981, and joins existing trade association members the Association of Learned and Professional Society 
Publishers (ALPSP); the Publishers Association (PA); and the Professional Publishers Association (PPA).


== References ==





String Quartets 1–3 is a 1991 album by the Balanescu Quartet (Alexander Balanescu, Jonathan Carney, Kate Musker, and Tony Hinnigan) and the fifteenth release by Michael Nyman.  It is the second album of his music (after Out of the Ruins) on which he did not perform or conduct, though he does provide liner notes.  String Quartet No. 3 is built out of Out of the Ruins and became a fixture in numerous Nyman film scores in the 1990s.
The album was issued by Argo Records with two different covers.  Decca Records reissued the album in the UK on July 8, 2002, as part of the British Music Collection, giving it yet a third cover.
Nyman's four string quartets are the subject of chapter 7 in Pwyll ap Siôn's The Music of Michael Nyman:  Texts, Contexts, and Intertexts.The album is the first of several recordings of the Nyman string quartets.  The Lyric Quartet would also record String Quartets 2 and 3, and sections of String Quartet No. 4 on String Quartets 2, 3 & 4/If & Why (2002).  The Nyman Quartet (Musker and Hinnigan with violinists Gabrielle Lester and Catherine Thompson), according to the liner notes of Acts of Beauty • Exit no Exit (2006), is set to record all four some time in the future.
The album was reissued by MN Records with a new cover and liner notes in November 2012.  This edition is subtitled "Chamber Music Vol. II".  It is not the aforementioned rerecording.


== String Quartet No. 1 ==
The String Quartet No. 1 (1985) was commissioned by the Arditti Quartet.  Nyman had attended a performance of Ludwig van Beethoven's Grosse Fuge by the group, and found it the most theatrical performance on a string quartet he had ever witnessed, performed as though Beethoven had been trying to break through the limitations of the string quartet to create an orchestral sound.  The quartet was originally intended to be a "compendium" of string quartet literature, but he decided that two pieces from different eras were enough of a contrast.  It is built out of three distinct and diverse pre-existing music sources:  John Bull's Walsingham Variations, Arnold Schoenberg's String Quartet No. 2, and Alex North's "Unchained Melody".  The use of Bull is an homage to his professor, Thurston Dart, who presented Nyman with the Musica Britannica edition of Bull's keyboard works as a graduation gift.  "Walsingham" was a popular song in Bull's time, and Nyman's use of "Unchained Melody" (originally written for a 1955 prison film titled Unchained and famously covered by The Righteous Brothers, and the favorite song of Nyman's wife, Aet) is a contemporary equivalent.  As noted by Pwyll Ap Siôn, "Unchained Melody" is musically related to "Walsingham", as its opening three-note pattern of C-D-E is a slight variation of the melody of "Walsingham".  "Unchained Melody" enters in figure H (measure 274) over a bass line of variation 9 of "Walsingham" that previously appeared in figure E.
Schoenberg's String Quartet No. 2 is notable in two ways: first, it broke with convention by adding a part for a soprano vocalist, and second, it broke away from the tonal language standard and paved the way for modernist music.  Nyman incorporates the Schoenberg material beginning in figure B, and it does not return until figure I.  The material Nyman uses is an eight-note (two-measure) phrase for the cello transcribed by Nyman for first violin.  Siôn notes that Nyman compresses the nearly two-octave phrase into one octave.  When it returns in figure I, Nyman has added tremolo, as well as syncopation more characteristic of his own style.


== String Quartet No. 2 ==
String Quartet No. 2 (1988) was commissioned for a dance work called Miniatures, choreographed and performed by Shobana Jeyasingh, who dictated the rhythmic structure of the piece, based on the South Indian Bharata Natyam tradition.  Melodically and harmonically, it is Western classical music, while structurally it is Karnatak music.  The Balanescu Quartet performed this work with the original dance as well as adding it to their concert repertoire.  Miniatures was renamed Configurations when Jeyasingh added two additional dancers to the choreography.
Each of the six movements are in different rhythms:  the first movement is 4-beat, the second 5-beat, the third 6-beat, the fourth 7-beat, and the fifth, 9-beat (2+3+2+2).  The sixth and final movement is in multiple cycles of the preceding beat patterns.


== String Quartet No. 3 ==
String Quartet No. 3 (1990), commissioned by Alexander Balanescu, is based on Romanian folk music, along with material from his choral work Out of the Ruins, via a process Nyman describes as "translation."  It affected much of Nyman's composition throughout the 1990s—riffs, in particular, a seven-note scalar ostinato, from it appear in À la folie, Carrington (in which it was used as a temp track and ultimately was transformed into a theme for Lytton Strachey), Practical Magic (not used in the finished film), The End of the Affair, and The Claim.  The translation is not as simple as it may sound, as Pwyll ap Siôn notes, the first violin has new melodic material higher than the highest notes of the soprano melody, which is largely for the second violin.  In addition, he elides caesuras and makes use of the stringed instruments' ability to sustain far longer than a human voice.  Among the passages new to the string quartet are measures 17-24, 125-126, and a cello part beginning at measure 63.
Some cause of the variation is that the quartet is a celebration of the fall of Nicolae Ceauşescu, whereas Out of the Ruins is an expression of the hopelessness after an earthquake.  Siôn describes numerous places where the accents and descriptors of the work indicate a very different feeling and approach to the music, with the quartet being much more aggravated, while the choral work reflects sorrow without indignation.
Like the first String Quartet, the piece is a reflection of Nyman's postgraduate work with Thurston Dart, who sent him to Romania in 1965 to gather folk music.  The Romanian folk melodies that have been added to Out of the Ruins were all gathered on that trip.


== Track listing ==
String Quartet No. 2

I
II
III
IV
V
VIString Quartet No. 3
beginning
fig. DString Quartet No. 1
beginning
fig. B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L


== Personnel ==
Michael Nyman, composer and liner notes
Balanescu Quartet:
Alexander Balanescu: violin I
Jonathan Carney: violin II
Kate Musker: viola
Anthony Hinnigan: cello
Producer: Andrew Cornall
Engineer: John Dunkerley
Tape editor: Simon Bertram
Publisher: Kelly Music
Series design:  Joe Ewart at Assorted Images
Art direction: Ann Bradbeer
Cover art: Charcoal Drawings of the Balanescu Quartet by Paul Richards


== References ==


== External links ==
String Quartets 1-3 on MichaelNyman.com including the complete liner notes.





Pseudothyretes nigrita is a moth in the  subfamily Arctiinae. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1961. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Ghana and Kenya.


== References ==

Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog





German Rummy or Rommé (German: Deutsches Rommé or Rommé mit Auslegen) is the most popular form of the worldwide game, Rummy, played in Austria and Germany. It is a game for 2 to 6 players and is played with two packs of French playing cards, each comprising 52 cards and 3 jokers. There are no partnerships, every player plays for him- or herself. In Germany, the Germany Rummy Association (Deutscher Romméverband) is the umbrella organisation for local rummy clubs and organises national competitions. The game is often just known as Rommé in Germany and Rummy in Austria.


== Rules ==
The following rules largely follow Danyliuk and Grupp.


== Aim ==
The aim of Rommé is to organise one's hand into sets or runs known as 'figures' (Figuren) and to meld them by placing them on the table. The player who is first to meld all his cards, wins the game.


== Preparation ==
Before the first hand begins, the cards are shuffled and laid face down in a arc. Each player draws one card; the player with the highest card selects his place and is the first dealer. The other players sit to the left of the dealer in the order of the rank of the cards drawn.


== Dealing ==
The deal changes clockwise after each hand. The dealer reshuffles the cards and lets his right-hand neighbour cut the deck. The cards are dealt face down clockwise, each player is dealt thirteen cards in 3 packets of three and 1 packet of four. The remaining cards are placed face down in the middle of the table as a Stoß (i.e. a talon or stock) and the top card is turned and placed beside the stock to form the waste pile.
Variations: In many cases, the rule is that if a player finds a joker when cutting, he may keep it. This is known as robbing or plundering (rauben), not to be confused with the rule allowing a joker to be exchanged (see below). In some rules, the top card is not turned but the dealer (or forehand) receives a fourteenth card and is first to play. In this case they do not draw a card, but simply make their first meld if they can and discard a card to start the waste pile.


== Figures ==
Figures (Figuren) are combinations of at least three cards as follows: 

Sets (Sätze) of 3 or 4 equal-ranking cards of different suits, such as ♥K–♦K–♣K or ♠3–♥3–♦3–♣3,
Runs (Folgen, Reihen, Sequenzen) of 3 or more cards in suit and in sequence - Aces may be high or low; for example ♥A–♥2–♥3, ♦8–♦9–♦10–♦B or ♣D–♣K–♣A, but not ♠K–♠A–♠2.Figures may be built with the aid of Jokers. Jokers are wild cards which may be used to represent any other card; for example ♣B–♣D–J–♣A oder ♠6–♥6–J.
A figure may not be built with just one natural card and two Jokers; in a run of at least four cards, however, two Jokers may follow one another so, for example ♠3–J–J–♠6 is an allowed combination.


== Card values ==
The card values are as follows:
Court cards – King, Queen and Jack – 10 points each
Pip cards – 2 to 10 – score their value in pips
Ace (Ass)
11 points in a set or run after the King
11 points at the end of the game
1 point when used first in a run A-2-3.
Joker
during the game - as many points as the card it represents
30 points at the end of the game


== Playing ==
The dealer is the first player to go. He may now meld figures, provided he meets the requirement for the first meld and ends his turn by placing a card face-up next to the pile ("discards"). Then it is the turn of the player to his left.
Each following player begins his or her play by picking up either:

the card turned up by his predecessor
the topmost face-down card of the StoßAfter that, a player may meld cards and finish his turn by placing a card face up on the discard pile.
Sometimes the game is played in such a way that a player may only pick up the top card of the discard pile if he plays it immediately in a meld, either by using the card for his first meld - in this case it counts towards the required 40 points (see below) - or by using it in another meld.


== First meld ==
For the first meld by each player, the cards being melded must have a value of at least 40 points (but see variants). Players may not 'lay off' cards onto existing melds when making their first meld.


== Subsequent melds ==
Once a player has placed his first meld, he may, when it is his turn, play additional melds at any time; their point value is only relevant for the first meld, not subsequent ones.


== Lay-offs ==
Once a player has made his first meld, he may at any time, when it is his turn, lay off individual cards to melds already made, regardless of whether the meld was made by the player or one of his opponents.
Example: On the table is ♥2-♥3-♥4. If a player holds ♥ A and ♥ 5 in his hand, he may lay off two cards to the melded sequence.
Once melded, cards may no longer be returned to the hand or discarded.


== Swapping a Joker ==

If there a figure with a Joker on the table, for example ♠6-♥6-J, and if a player holds the card that is represented by the Joker, here the ♣6 or ♦6, he can swap the Joker for this card. The Joker must be immediately used in a new meld and not just added to the player's hand. A Joker may only be swapped out after the first meld has been made.
The rules of the German Skat Association are stricter on this point: according to their rules, a Joker may only be replaced in a set if the set is completed with four cards of the same rank.


== Ending ==
The player who is first to get rid of all his cards by melding and/or laying off and, if need be, placing his last card face down (verdeckt) on the discard pile, while announcing "Rommé" - to signify the end of the game - wins the game. All the remaining players receive as many minus points as they have card points in their hand.


== Differences from Basic Rummy ==
The main differences between German Rummy and Basic Rummy (according to Parlett) are:

German Rummy uses 2 decks and 6 Jokers, as opposed to one deck and 2 Jokers
Players are dealt an initial hand of 13 cards as opposed to 7 or 10
Players must score at least 40 points on the first meldGerman Rummy is very similar in these respects to the Italian variant, Scala Quaranta.


== See also ==
de:Rommé


== References ==


== Literature ==
_ (1988) Erweitertes Spielregelbüchlein aus Altenburg, 8th edition, Verlag Altenburger Spielkartenfabrik, Leipzig, pp. 168-172.
Babsch, Fritz (1983). Internationale und österreichische Kartenspiel-Regeln, Piatnik, Vienna.
Bamberger, Johannes (2011). Die beliebtesten Kartenspiele, Perlen-Reihe Vol. 648, 25th edition, Verlag Perlen-Reihe, Vienna, pp. 127-133. ISBN 978-3-99006-002-5
Danyliuk, Rita (2017). 1x1 der Kartenspiele, 19th ed., Humboldt, Hanover. ISBN 978-3-86910-367-9
Grupp, Claus D (1975/1979). Karten-spiele, Falken, Niederhausen. ISBN 3-8068-2001-5
Grupp, Claus D. (1982). Rommé und Canasta in allen Variationen, Falken-Verlag Niedernhausen/Ts.
Heinrich, Rudolf [d. i. Rudolf Bretschneider]: Rommé - Rummy international Alle Spielarten, Verlag Perlen-Reihe, Vol. 650, 7th edition, Vienna, 19??
Kopp, Dr. Bernhard (1987). Die schönsten Kartenspiele, Buch und Zeit Verlag, Wiesbaden, pp. 46-48. ISBN 3-8166-9570-1
Lembke, Robert E. (1974?). Das große Haus- und Familienbuch der Spiele. Lingen, Cologne, pp. 207-211.
Parlett, David (2008). The Penguin Book of Card Games, Penguin, London. ISBN 978-0-141-03787-5
Smith-Creighton, John (1927). Das Rummyspiel, 3rd edition, Vienna.


== External links ==
Internationale Rommé-Ordnung des DSkV (International Rommé Rules by German Skat Association). (in German)
Rommé Rules of German Rummy at www.spielanleitung.org.(in German)

Regelwerk Rules to download from the German Rommé Association.





Lynchius is a small genus of frogs in the family Craugastoridae. The name honours herpetologist John D. Lynch. The distribution of Lynchius is restricted to the Cordillera Oriental in southern Ecuador and Cordillera de Huancabamba in northern Peru.


== Taxonomy ==
The placement of Lynchius in Craugastoridae is a new arrangement and many earlier accounts put it in the subfamily Strabomantinae, family Strabomantidae. The genus itself is relatively new too: it was split off from Phrynopus in 2008 in order to resolve the paraphyly of that genus. The sister taxon of Lynchius is Oreobates.


== Description ==
Lynchius are relatively small frogs (snout–vent length up to 43 mm (1.7 in) in Lynchius flavomaculatus) with a narrow head, not as wide as body. Skin is smooth.


== Species ==
There are seven species in this genus:
Lynchius flavomaculatus (Parker, 1938)
Lynchius megacephalus Sánchez-Nivicela, Urgilés, Navarrete, Yánez-Muñoz, and Ron, 2019
Lynchius nebulanastes (Cannatella, 1984)
Lynchius oblitus Motta, Chaparro, Pombal, Guayasamin, De la Riva, and Padial, 2016
Lynchius parkeri (Lynch, 1975)
Lynchius simmonsi (Lynch, 1974)
Lynchius tabaconas Motta, Chaparro, Pombal, Guayasamin, De la Riva, and Padial, 2016


== References ==





Aphroditi Sports Hall is the largest arena in the city of Paphos. It is named after "Aphrodite", also known as Venus, one of the 12 ancient Greek gods which is said was born at Petra Tou Romiou 20 km East. This arena can host up to 2,000 spectators. Is the home of "Pafiakos" and "Dionysos" volleyball clubs, both playing at the Cypriot first division.





Abraham Lincoln's Farewell Address  was a speech made by president-elect Abraham Lincoln in Springfield, Illinois on February 11, 1861 on his way to his inauguration in Washington, D.C. Several thousand citizens of Illinois gathered to see Lincoln depart. In response, Lincoln gave this brief, impromptu speech from his railroad car shortly before he departed:

My friends, no one, not in my situation, can appreciate my feeling of sadness at this parting. To this place and the kindness of these people, I owe everything. Here I have lived a quarter of a century, and have passed from a young to an old man. Here my children have been born, and one is buried. I now leave, not knowing when, or whether ever, I may return, with a task before me greater than that which rested upon Washington. Without the assistance of that Divine Being who ever attended him, I cannot succeed. With that assistance I cannot fail. Trusting in Him who can go with me, and remain with you, and be everywhere for good, let us confidently hope that all will yet be well. To His care commending you, as I hope in your prayers you will commend me, I bid you an affectionate farewell.

The speech moved members of his entourage so much that after the train started, he was asked to put his words into writing. Because of the difficulty of doing so on a moving train, Lincoln asked his personal secretary, John Nicolay, to finish copying it down after a few sentences.
A second version of the speech was published in a Springfield newspaper a few days later.


== See also ==
United States presidential election, 1860
Presidency of Abraham Lincoln
Abraham Lincoln and religion
Abraham Lincoln assassination
Gettysburg Address


== References ==


== External links ==
Original manuscript from the Library of Congress





"Rosy Won't You Please Come Home" is a song by the British rock band The Kinks. The song first appeared on the album Face to Face in 1966, and, like all of the songs on the album, was written by Ray Davies.


== Background ==
"Rosy Won't You Please Come Home" was mainly inspired by Ray and Dave Davies's sister, Rosy. She, along with her husband, Arthur Anning, had moved to Australia in 1964, which devastated Ray to a great extent. On the day that they moved, Ray Davies broke down on the beach after a gig. "I started screaming. A part of my family had left, possibly forever...I collapsed in a heap on the sandy beach and wept like a pathetic child", Davies said of the incident. Dave Davies added, "All of a sudden, the fact that they were really leaving finally hit Ray. He ran to the sea screaming and crying." Rosy and Arthur's departure later inspired the premise for The Kinks' 1969 concept album, Arthur (Or the Decline and Fall of the British Empire).


== Release and reception ==
"Rosy Won't You Please Come Home" appeared as the second track on the album Face to Face in October 1966. That same month, the song made an appearance on the French EP Dandy, which also featured "Dandy", "Party Line", and "Fancy". The song also appeared on the compilation album Picture Book.
AllMusic critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine called the track a "classic" and cited the song as a highlight from Face to Face.


== References ==


== External links ==
Lyrics of this song at MetroLyrics





Die große Liebe (The Great Love) is a German drama film of the National Socialist period, made by Rolf Hansen, starring Zarah Leander and Viktor Staal. It premiered in Berlin in 1942 and went on to become the most commercially successful film in the history of the Third Reich.


== Story ==
The attractive Oberleutnant Paul Wendlandt is stationed in North Africa as a fighter pilot. While in Berlin to deliver a report he is given a day's leave, and on the stage of the cabaret theatre "Skala" sees the popular Danish singer Hanna Holberg. For Paul it is love at first sight. When Hanna visits friends after the end of the performance, he follows her, and speaks to her in the U-Bahn. After the party in her friends' flat he accompanies her home, and chance throws them further together when an air raid warning forces them to take cover in the air raid shelter. Hanna reciprocates Paul's feelings, but after a night spent together Paul has to return immediately to the front.
There now follows a whole series of misunderstandings, and one missed opportunity after another. While Hanna waits in vain for some sign of life from Paul, he is flying on missions in North Africa. When he tries to visit her in her Berlin flat, she is giving a Christmas concert in Paris. Nevertheless, their bond grows in strength and arouses the jealousy of the composer Rudnitzky, who is also in love with the singer. Paul asks Hanna in a letter to marry him. However, when he is finally able to visit her, he is called away again on the night before the wedding. Hanna, disappointed, leaves for Rome, where she has to make a guest appearance. Even when Paul manages to get three weeks' leave and follows Hanna to Rome, the wedding has still to be postponed: Paul feels so strongly that he is needed at the front that he goes back even though he has not been ordered to do so. Hanna does not understand this, and there is an argument, after which Paul thinks he has lost her forever.
The war against the Soviet Union breaks out (1941) and Paul and his friend Etzdorf are sent to the Eastern Front. When Etzdorf is killed, Paul writes a farewell letter to Hanna, to make the dangers of his missions easier to bear. Only when he himself has been shot down and wounded and is sent to a military hospital in the mountains does he see Hanna again, who is still prepared to marry  him. The last shots of the film show the happy couple, confident in the future, looking skywards where squadrons of German bombers fly past.


== Musical numbers ==
Davon geht die Welt nicht unter ("It's Not the End of the World")
Blaue Husaren (Heut' kommen die blauen Husaren) ("Today the Blue Hussars Are Coming")
Ich weiss, es wird einmal ein Wunder geschehen ("I Know a Miracle Will Happen")
Mein Leben für die Liebe - Jawohl! ("My Life for Love - Jawohl!")All the songs were composed by Michael Jary, with lyrics by Bruno Balz and sung by Zarah Leander. "Davon geht die Welt nicht unter" and "Ich weiß, es wird einmal ein Wunder gescheh'n" were two of the biggest hits of the National Socialist period, and because of their political subtexts were much approved of and promoted by the authorities. After 1942, as the military situation became more and more unfavourable to Germany, they became a staple element of the prevalent informal propaganda geared to "seeing it through".
Nowadays, "Ich weiss, es wird einmal ein Wunder geschehen" and "Davon geht die Welt nicht unter" are idioms in German language.


== Cast ==
The starring roles were played by Zarah Leander as Hanna Holberg and Viktor Staal as Paul Wendlandt.
Other parts were played as follows:

Grethe Weiser: Käthe, Hanna's dresser
Paul Hörbiger: Alexander Rudnitzky, composer
Wolfgang Preiss: Oberleutnant von Etzdorf
Hans Schwarz jr.: Alfred Vanloo, artist
Leopold von Ledebur: Herr von Westphal
Julia Serda: Jenny von Westphal
Victor Janson: Mocelli, theatre director
Agnes Windeck: Hann's mother
Paul Bildt:  Head waiter
Erich Dunskus: man with dog
Olga Engl: old lady in block of flats
Karl Etlinger: man with admission tickets
Ilse Fürstenberg: air raid shelter attendant
Grete Reinwald: mother in air raid shelter
Ewald Wenck: Berlin taxi driver
Just Scheu: Alfred Vanloo's brother
Erna Sellmer: ticket collector


== National Socialist propaganda ==
In its blend of entertainment and propaganda elements the film is paradigmatic for National Socialist cinema in much the same way as Wunschkonzert, after Die große Liebe the next most popular film of the National Socialist period.  While on the one hand the suspensefully presented love story, with its images of the North African desert, Paris and Rome, as well as the extravagant show numbers, constitutes an invitation to dream, yet on the other hand "Die große Liebe" urges adjustment to the realities of war at all levels. Not love, but war, is the real theme of the film.  This is despite omitting any background for, or events in, the war.The film does not just contain original material from the "Die Deutsche Wochenschau" with pictures of German attacks on the English channel coast: the war determines the whole action of the film. The lesson that Hanna Holberg, and with her the entire public, has to absorb, is the insignificance of individual striving for happiness in times in which higher values - here, the military victory of Germany in World War II - come to the fore. The film does not gain its political impact by simply urging renunciation or "going without" in difficult times, but by setting off individual happiness against duties which go far beyond the requirements of ordinary military duties. Paul is not concerned about behaving with military correctness, but about his desire to make his contribution to Germany's military victory. He renounces Hanna, not because of military orders recalling him to the front but in order to serve the national cause and if necessary to sacrifice his life for Germany. In the process Hanna learns that waiting and renunciation in war have not only to be accepted as fate, but constitute the really "great love".   She learns to bravely send him back to his squadron, singing, "The World's Not Going To End Because of This".The film owes by far the greatest part of its attractiveness to Zarah Leander's performance. When she was selected for the role she had already established a strong profile as an expressive portrayer of self-aware, mature, emotionally stable women, whose plans and lives were thrown into disarray by unexpected blows of fate. The director Rolf Hansen, working with her here for the second time, had the good idea of teaming her up with a weak and relatively insignificant male lead, who was scarcely capable of playing against the weight of her presence. The suffering laid upon Hanna Holberg by her unfulfilled love gained, by the fact that she was profoundly misunderstood, an important additional element that deeply impressed the public.
In order to impress also by its modernity, the film took the risk of making - for the time - an unprecedentedly realistic representation of day-to-day wartime life, and shows rationing of food, air raid warnings and hours spent waiting in air raid shelters. Admittedly it never shows these things without taking care always to point out how to maintain at all times care for others and good humour, however difficult the circumstances.  All levels of society are depicted as pitching in together, with the heroine coming to know those of much lower social level in the course of the film.  Hanna learns thereby to overcome her snobbishness, manifested in her singing for wounded soldiers.The depiction of Zarah Leander was also unusual, in that in this film she wore ordinary day clothes, lived in a normal Berlin rented flat and even travelled on the U-Bahn.


== Production and reception ==
The interior scenes for "Die große Liebe" were filmed from 23 September 1941 to early October 1941 in the Tobis-Sascha-Studio in Vienna - better known as the Rosenhügel Film Studios - and in the Carl Froelich sound studio in Berlin-Tempelhof. The exterior scenes had been filmed in Berlin and Rome by the middle of March 1942. The film was submitted to the Film Censor's Office on 10 June 1942 (Prüf-Nr. B. 57295) when it had a length of 2,738 metres or 100 minutes and was classified as suitable for minors and for public holiday viewing. It was distributed by the UFA-owned Deutsche Filmvertriebs GmbH (DFV). On 18 April 1944 it was re-submitted, now with a length of 2,732 metres (B. 60163), and was re-classified as before.
The premiere took place on 12 June 1942 in Berlin, in the Germania-Palast cinema on the Frankfurter Allee and the UFA-Palast am Zoo cinema. Die große Liebe became the greatest commercial film success of the Third Reich. It was seen by 27 million spectators and took 8 million Reichsmarks, having cost 3 million to produce (equivalent to 28 and 11 million 2009 euros). The Film Censor's Office pronounced it "politically valuable", '"artistically valuable" and "valuable for the people" - a combination of accolades also granted, for example, to Gerhard Lamprecht's nationalist hero biography "Diesel" (also 1942).
After the end of World War II the Allied Control Commission forbade the film to be screened. In 1963 however it was submitted to the FSK, who approved its re-release subject to cuts, which were however disregarded by the distributors: the film was shown with a preliminary warning but with no cuts. Further cuts were made in 1980 for release on home video, approved by the FSK for audiences age 6 and up.
The original version of "Die große Liebe" was submitted to the FSK in 1997 and approved for release to audiences over the age of 18. This completely uncut version, running 100 minutes (approximately 97 mins in the PAL video format) is commercially available as a video and DVD in Germany. Distribution rights are now the property of Transit-Film GmbH.


== References ==

Helmut Regel, Zur Topographie des NS-Films in Filmkritik, 1966, 10 (Jan.), pp. 5–18
Jens Thiele, Fred Ritzel, Politische Botschaft und Unterhaltung – die Realität im NS-Film. Die große Liebe (1942) in Werner Faulstich, Helmut Korte, Fischer Filmgeschichte: 2: Der Film als gesellschaftliche Kraft 1925-1944, Frankfurt/M. (Fischer) 1991
Stephen Lowry, Pathos und Politik. Ideologie in Spielfilmen des Nationalsozialismus, Tübingen (Niemeyer) 1991
Barbara Schrödl: Mode und Krieg. Der Kleidkörper in nationalsozialistischen Filmen der späten 1930er und frühen 1940er Jahre in Petersen, Christine [ed.]: Zeichen des Krieges in Film, Literatur und den Medien. Kiel 2004, pp. 231–255.


== Sources and external links ==
Die große Liebe on IMDb 
Die große Liebe at AllMovie
Die große Liebe at filmportal.de/en
(in German) www.gwick.ch
(in German) www.uni-konstanz.de Axel Jockwer: Die große Liebe (lecture)
(in German) www.murnau-stiftung.de
(in German) www.deutscher-tonfilm.de at the Wayback Machine (archived December 26, 2007)
(in German) www.lernet-holenia.com
(in German) www.filmarchiv.at
(in German) www.return2style.de
(in German) www.film-zeit.de





Richard Bateman-Robson (1753–1827), of Manchester Square, Middlesex and Weybridge, Surrey, was an English politician.He was born the younger son of Henry Holland, a builder of Church Row, Fulham, Middlesex. His elder brother was Henry Holland, the well-known architect. Richard married Elizabeth, the daughter and heiress of solicitor Bateman Robson of Hartford, Huntingdonshire and took the surnames of Bateman Robson by royal licence in 1791. They had no children.
By 1795 he had bought from the 5th Duke of Bedford an estate at Okehampton which gave him control over one of the borough's parliamentary seats and  was returned unopposed the following year. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Okehampton from 1796 to 1802 and 1806 to 1807, for Honiton in 11 April 1806 – 1806 and for Shaftesbury in 1812 – 19 February 1813.
He became Chairman of Grand Junction Waterworks Company in 1817.


== References ==





Anatoma conica is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Anatomidae.


== References ==


== External links ==
To Antarctic Invertebrates
To Encyclopedia of Life
To USNM Invertebrate Zoology Mollusca Collection
To World Register of Marine Species





Twycross is a small village and civil parish in Leicestershire, England, on the A444 road. The population of the civil parish (including Norton juxta Twycross) at the 2011 census was 850.   The civil parish includes the hamlet called Little Orton, as well as Twycross Zoo, and the selective, private Twycross House School.
Administratively, Twycross forms part of the Hinckley and Bosworth district. It is named 'Twycross' because its centre lies at the intersection of three roads. The A444 connects it to Burton-on-Trent and Coventry and the B4116/B4114 to Birmingham.
The Twycross Cricket Club is a village club with a 1st and 2nd XI who play in the Leicestershire Senior League. It also has a Sunday XI which plays many friendly games throughout the season.
The 1st team XI play regularly in the Premier division, whilst the 2nd team XI play in division 3, which hosts a 1st team and 2nd teams while also holding a Sunday friendly team. It has a youth set-up with under-15, under-13, and under-11 teams.
The church of St. James contains the oldest stained glass in England, originally from Sainte-Chapelle, Saint-Denis, and Le Mans Cathedral. The earliest glass is c.1145 from Saint-Denis, the panels having been presented to William IV who gave them to Earl Howe, who got the glazier Thomas Willement to arrange and install them in the church during its restoration in the 1840s.
The video game developer Rare is based at Twycross. The company has developed games and series such as GoldenEye 007, Viva Piñata, Banjo-Kazooie, Killer Instinct, Conker, Perfect Dark, Sea of Thieves, and many of the Donkey Kong games from as early as Donkey Kong Country in 1994 to as recent as Diddy Kong Racing DS in 2007. They became a Microsoft first-party in 2002.


== References ==


== External links ==
 Media related to Twycross at Wikimedia Commons





Dedicated to Bill Evans and Scott LaFaro is an album by the American guitarist Larry Coryell and the Czech bass player Miroslav Vitouš, which was released by Jazzpoint Records in 1987.The album is credited to the "Larry Coryell/Miroslav Vitouš Quartet", which is explained in the liner notes that it includes the two musicians who provided the inspiration; pianist Bill Evans and bass player, Scott LaFaro.


== Track listing ==
"Some Day My Prince Will Come" (Larry Morey, Frank Churchill) – 4:56
"Nardis" (Miles Davis) – 3:37
"Solar" (Miles Davis) – 4:18
"Some Other Time" (Leonard Bernstein, Betty Comden, Adolph Green) – 5:17
"Corcovado" (Antônio Carlos Jobim) – 4:46
"Autumn Leaves" (Joseph Kosma, Jacques Prévert) – 5:32
"My Romance" (Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart) – 5:33
"Stella By Starlight" (Victor Young, Ned Washington) – 6:52
"The Peacocks" (Jimmy Rowles) – 6:23


== Personnel ==
Larry Coryell – guitar
Miroslav Vitouš – bass


== References ==





Alexander Carpenter, Latinized as Fabricius (fl. 1429), was the author of the Destructorium viciorum, a religious work popular in the 15th and 16th centuries.  Some published editions of the work bear the author's name as "Alexander Anglus" ("Alexander the Englishman"), but he is further identified in a 1496 edition which states that the work was compiled "a cuiusdam fabri lignarii filio" -- "by a certain son of a worker of wood," i.e., a carpenter's son. This identifier also states that the work was begun in 1429, which rules out authorship by Alexander of Hales (ca. 1185-1245) which had by some scholars been considered a possibility. Alexander Carpenter authored other works, termed Homiliae eruditae ("Learned Sermons"), but they are not at present known.
Carpenter is thought by some to have been a follower of the English theologian John Wycliffe (ca. 1328-1384), but that is disputed.


== References ==





Seth Andrew Klarman (born May 21, 1957) is an American billionaire investor and hedge fund manager. He is a proponent of value investing. He is the chief executive and portfolio manager of the Baupost Group, a Boston-based private investment partnership he founded in 1982.
He closely follows the investment philosophy of Benjamin Graham and is known for buying unpopular assets while they are undervalued, seeking a margin of safety and profiting from any rise in price. Since his fund's $27 million-dollar inception to 2008, he has realized a 20% compounded return on investment. He manages $27 billion in assets.Forbes lists his personal fortune at US$1.50 billion and he is the 15th highest earning hedge fund manager in the world. In 2008, he was inducted into Institutional Investor Alpha's Hedge Fund Manager Hall of Fame. He has drawn numerous comparisons to fellow value investor Warren Buffett, and akin to Buffett's notation as the "Oracle of Omaha," he is known as the "Oracle of Boston."


== Early life ==
Klarman was born on May 21, 1957 in New York City. When he was six, he moved to the Mt. Washington area of Baltimore, Maryland near the Pimlico Race Course, and grew up in a traditional Jewish family. His father was a public health economist at Johns Hopkins University and his mother was a psychiatric social worker  His parents divorced shortly after their moving to Baltimore.When he was four years old he redecorated his room to match a retail store putting price tags on all of his belongings and gave an oral presentation to his fifth grade class about the logistics of buying a stock. As he grew older had a variety of small time business ventures including a paper route, a snow cone stand, a snow shoveling business, and sold stamp-coin collections on the weekends. When he was 10 years old he purchased his first stock, one share of Johnson & Johnson (the stock split three-for-one and over time tripled his initial investment). At age 12 he was regularly calling his broker to get stock quotes, his reasoning behind buying a share of Johnson & Johnson was the fact that he has used a lot of band-aids (a product of the company) during his earlier years.


== Education ==
Klarman attended Cornell University in Ithaca, New York, and was interested in majoring in mathematics but instead chose to pursue economics. He graduated magna cum laude in economics with a minor in history in 1979. In the summer of his junior year, he interned at the Mutual Shares fund and was introduced to Max Heine and Michael Price. After graduating from college, he went back to the company to work for 18 months before deciding to go to business school. He went on to attend Harvard Business School where he was a Baker Scholar and was classmates with Jeffrey Immelt, Steve Burke, Stephen Mandel, James Long, and Jamie Dimon.


== Career ==


=== Investment ===

After graduating from business school in 1982, he founded The Baupost Group with Harvard Professor William J. Poorvu and partners Howard H. Stevenson, Jordan Baruch and Isaac Auerbach. The name is an acronym based on the founders' names (the name was decided on before Klarman joined the project). Poorvu asked Klarman and his associates to manage some money he had raised from the selling of his share in a local television station and the fund was started with US$27 million in start up capital. His starting salary was $35,000 a year, considered low to alternative job offers, and he later recalled that the other founders "were taking a big risk on a relatively inexperienced person." Early on in his investment career, he used to badger Goldman Sachs salesmen with questions regarding their options and thoughts on the markets that they were afraid to pick up the phone if they saw that Baupost was calling.In February 2008, Klarman was alerted that a London-based hedge fund, Peloton Partners, were forced to liquidate more than a billion dollars worth of their assets, he decided to open up his fund to new investors subsequently raising $4 billion in capital, mainly from large foundations and Ivy League endowments. He believed that there was serious market opportunity for value investors in the coming months and after the collapse of AIG and Lehman Brothers, he invested heavily in the equity markets, sometimes throwing $100 million into stocks a day. While the market was down due to the aftermath of the crisis he purchased many distressed securities and bonds. By early 2009, after JPMorgan Chase acquired Washington Mutual as a part of their deal with the United States Department of the Treasury, Sallie Mae bonds were returning double digit figures for Baupost. Overall, Klarman's bond position appreciated 25%, however, during the financial crisis, his fund returned -7% to -13%. Although many hedge funds faced negative returns and low performance during the crisis and its aftermath, Klarman saw increased equity positions and described it as a "fortuitous time" for the fund's capital gains. The same year he would go on to buy a minority share in the Boston Red Sox, via a stake in Ed Eskandarian.In 2009, Klarman began buying distressed credits in the wake of the financial crisis of 2007–2008. He purchased the bonds of CIT Group, a financial holding company based in New York City at 65 cents on the dollar with a yield rate of 15%. After the company went into prepared bankruptcy, as Baupost began lending it money via a loan, Carl Icahn gave a loan of $6 billion to the CIT Group but backed out of the deal a week later. This caused the bonds to speed into prepared bankruptcy and gave the Baupost group securities valued at 80 cents to the dollar for their debt in CIT Group. Shortly after the CIT deal was finalized, Klarman amassed a stake in a new bio-tech company called FacetBiotech, at an average cost of $9 a share. At the time, FacetBiotech had $17 a share in net cash. Klarman noted that when stocks are spun off of their larger parent companies they become "cheap and ignored." When Biogen eventually tried a hostile takeover of the company bidding up the price to $14 a share, Abbott Laboratories asked for a $27 per share settlement for acquisition. Klarman's fund finished that year up +27%.As of 2016, the fund had US$31 billion in assets under management.


=== Investment philosophy ===
Klarman is a known proponent of value investing, and has stated that he has known he was one since junior year of college at age 25. During an interview at Harvard Business School, he stated: "It turns out that value investing is something that is in your blood. There are people who just don't have the patience and discipline to do it, and there are people who do. So it leads me to think it's genetic."When asked what drives his fund's overall investment strategy and how value investing fits into the capital markets he replied:

Firstly, Value investing is intellectually elegant. You're basically buying bargains. It also appeals because all the studies demonstrate that it works. People who chase growth, who chase high fliers, inevitably lose because they paid a premium price. They lose to the people who have more patience and more discipline. Third, it's easy to talk in the abstract, but in real life you see situations that are just plain mispriced, where an ignored, neglected, or abhorred company may be just as attractive as others in the same industry. In time, the discount will be corrected, and you will have the wind at your back as a holder of the stock.
Klarman has been an avid supporter of the teachings of Benjamin Graham, and during the Financial crisis of 2007–2008 criticized the short-term thinking of other fund managers, he believes that the "this-time-is-different" mindset will give a false sense of security to investors and they ought to look at the bigger picture. He stresses the utility in the economy's business cycles and their predestined and perpetual self-corrective tendency. Klarman is known to sit on 30% to 50% of his funds in cash as to avoid unfavorable market conditions and only buys stocks he thinks have a suitable mispricing.He makes unusual investments, buying unpopular assets while they are undervalued, using complex derivatives, and buying put options. During his first years running Baupost, he made it a point to only invest in companies that were not widely accepted by the Wall Street community; he stressed managing risk and using the margin of safety. He is a very conservative investor, and often holds a significant amount of cash in his investment portfolios, sometimes in excess of 50% of the total. Despite his unconventional strategies, he has consistently achieved high returns. Klarman looks for companies that are traded at a discount (so he can assume shares with a margin of safety). Klarman and his fund usually go "bargain hunting," when companies are distressed or face low growth or declining years. In 2015, when energy stocks were declining, his firm "started looking for deals." According to Institutional Investor, "[Klarman] has succeeded by deftly exploiting under-valued markets whether they are in equities, junk bonds, bankruptcies, foreign bonds or real estate."


=== Horse Racing ===

Klarman owns Klaravich Stables Inc. and has been racing horses with William Lawrence since 2006. Their horse Cloud Computing won the 2017 Preakness Stakes.


== Personal life ==
Klarman typically keeps a low profile, rarely speaking in public or granting interviews. He lives in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts with his wife, Beth Schultz Klarman, whom he met on a Boston Harbor cruise in 1982; they have three children. His brother, Michael Klarman, is a professor at Harvard Law School.


== Political and economic views ==
Klarman has donated to both Democratic and Republican groups and candidates while being registered an Independent politician; however, since the election of Donald Trump, he has donated almost exclusively to Democrats. He has also given extensively to philanthropic causes through the Klarman Family Foundation, which he runs with his wife. The foundation has $700 million in assets as of 2018 and gave away $40 million in 2016. It focuses on pro-democracy initiatives, such as supporting groups that protect journalists, fight against bigotry, and advocate for LGBT rights.Klarman is a major backer of political non-profits such as the Ending Spending Fund and the pro-same-sex marriage American Unity Fund. He has stated: "I'm a complicated guy, I'm fairly nuanced in my views. I'm trying to do what I think is the right thing for the country."In the 2016 presidential election, he gave the maximum donation of $5,400 to Hillary Clinton's campaign, stating that "Donald Trump is completely unqualified for the highest office in the land."After the installation of U.S. President Donald Trump, he released a highly circulated (but internal) letter to members of his fund that denounced the upcoming investing climate. The letter states:

Exuberant investors have focused on the potential benefits of stimulative tax cuts, while mostly ignoring the risks from America-first protectionism and the erection of new trade barriers. President Trump may be able to temporarily hold off the sweep of automation and globalization by cajoling companies to keep jobs at home, but bolstering inefficient and uncompetitive enterprises is likely to only temporarily stave off market forces.
Although Klarman gave $2.9 million to Republican candidates in 2016, he told the New York Times in September 2018, "One of the reasons I’m willing to come out of my shell and talk to you is because I think democracy is at stake, and maybe I’ll be able to convince some other people of that, and get them to support Democrats in 2018." Klarman, who was previously one of the biggest donors to the Republican Party in New England, told the Times in September, 2018, that he had already contributed almost $5 million to nearly 150 candidates, including Representative Joe Kennedy III, Senate candidate Representative Beto O’Rourke and Senator Kirsten Gillibrand. Klarman is a registered Independent who reasoned, "We need to turn the House and Senate as a check on Donald Trump and his runaway presidency." He commented that he feels "betrayed" by "spineless" Republicans who have been "profiles in cowardice," and believes the only option is to "act as a check and balance."


== Wealth and donations ==
Forbes lists his personal fortune at US$1.5 billion and notes that he is the 15th highest earning hedge fund manager in the world.


=== Philanthropy ===
Klarman started The Klarman Family Foundation ($255 million in assets as of 2010) which donates to medical causes, Jewish organizations (such as the American Jewish Committee, Boston's Combined Jewish Philanthropies and Gann Academy), and Israeli causes. Klarman is the chairman of Facing History and Ourselves which develops classroom programs to combat anti-Semitism and bigotry. Klarman also is active with the Israel Project, a pro-Israel advocacy group that collects and provides information on Israel for journalists. He donated $4 million to the organization between 2008 and 2010. He is the key U.S. investor behind The Times of Israel, an online English-language newspaper which reports on Israel, the region and the Jewish world.In 2013, Klarman donated the lead capital to fund the $61 million building at Cornell University named the Seth '79 and Beth Klarman Humanities Building, more simply known as Klarman Hall. A year later, he donated money to Harvard Business School to construct a "conference center/auditorium and performance space," named Klarman Hall. It opened in 2018.


== Awards ==
Klarman has been called a "hedge fund titan," and a "quiet giant of investing," for his slow accumulation of fund capital over his career (in 2008, his hedge fund was the 6th largest in the world) and low profile. It was reported by Andrew Ross Sorkin, of The New York Times, that "[Klarman] is the most successful and influential investor you have probably never heard of." His Investopedia entry has him listed as "an enigma in the investing world."He is sometimes called "the Warren Buffett of his generation," and the "Oracle of Boston." According to The New York Times, Buffett has publicly praised Klarman's investing, and it has been reported that Buffett keeps a copy of his book on his bookshelf.In 2008, he was inducted into Institutional Investor Alpha's Hedge Fund Manager Hall of Fame along with David F. Swensen, Louis Bacon, Steven A. Cohen, Kenneth Griffin, Paul Tudor Jones, George Soros, Michael Steinhardt, Jack Nash, James Harris Simons, Alfred Winslow Jones, Leon Levy, Julian Robertson, and Bruce Kovner.


== Publications and works ==
Klarman has written many annual letters to shareholders but has kept a limited role in writing articles, op-eds or books. In 1991, Klarman published his only book, Margin of Safety, Risk Averse Investing Strategies for the Thoughtful Investor (1991), a reflection of value investing found in his hedge fund. In the book, he outlines the various issues with retail investing, and critiques small time investors getting into the market purely using metrics such as share price momentum and losing money in the long run. He issues that this is speculation and at times gambling, and should be discouraged in the market place. The book asserts that more people should follow the principals of value investing or people who invest in stocks that trade below their underlying value so as to purchase them at a discount.The book had amassed a cult following. Due to "only 5,000 copies [being sold]," the book is out of print and has become a relic in the finance community. Originally the book was priced at $25 a copy, however, due to it being out of print, it has a market price of $700 for used versions with newer copies going for $2,500 to $4,000. University libraries report the book as "one of their most wait-listed titles as well as one most claimed as lost." Klarman has thought of bringing the book back, but only for a charity event.He edited the 6th edition of Benjamin Graham and David Dodd's Security Analysis in 2008.


== See also ==
List of Cornell University alumni
List of Harvard University people
Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger, fellow value investors


== References ==


== Further reading ==
The Value of Seth Klarman by Stephen Taub for Institutional Investor
Seth Klarman Shows Real Danger With ETF by Lisa Abramowicz for BloombergGladify


== External links ==
Seth Klarman at Forbes





The wash-up period is the last few days while a Parliament of the United Kingdom continues to sit after the Prime Minister has announced the date when Parliament will be dissolved so a general election can be held but before Parliament has been formally adjourned, prorogued or dissolved. 


== Purpose ==
During the wash-up period, the government attempts to pass unfinished business which has sufficient all-party support. This may mean compromising some aspects of business to ensure that they can be completed, and effectively gives the Opposition and sufficiently large groups of backbenchers a veto on controversial or unpopular measures.  Discussions about which items will progress during wash-up take place between the "usual channels" – the whips and other officials of the government and opposition parties.
Traditionally, Parliamentary bills could not be carried forward from one session of Parliament to another. Although Parliament's standing orders have allowed public bills to be carried forward to the next session of the same parliament since 2004 (and on an ad-hoc basis since 1999), bills still cannot be carried forward to the new parliament formed after a general election. If a bill does not receive Royal Assent before Parliament rises, it will be lost, although a new bill could be reintroduced after the general election.
If necessary, an Appropriation Bill or short Finance Bill may be introduced and pass all of its legislative stages in both Houses of Parliament during the wash-up period.  In rare cases, there may also be time for private member's bills that have almost completed the legislative process to be passed.


== Protocol ==
A wash-up period is not mandatory: the Prime Minister may seek permission from the Sovereign in order to dissolve Parliament immediately, in which case all outstanding Parliamentary business will be lost. The last time an election was called with no wash-up period was 1924, when Parliament was dissolved immediately on 9 October and the general election held 20 days later. In 2001, Parliament was dissolved six days after the dissolution was proclaimed, after Parliament had been adjourned without being prorogued. In 1997, Parliament was prorogued four days after the date of the election was announced, but Parliament was not dissolved until another 18 days later.


== See also ==
Lame-duck session


== References ==
General Election timetable 2010
Wash-Up: Bills Receiving Royal Assent, 1987–2005, House of Lords Library Note LLN 2010/011, 30 March 2010
Election Timetables, House of Commons Library Research Paper 09/44, 13 May 2009
Parliament's wash-up's a stitch, Martin Bell, The Guardian, 28 March 2010





Adithya Varma is an upcoming Indian Tamil-language drama film directed by Gireesaaya (in his directorial debut) and produced by Mukesh Mehta under E4 Entertainment. The film stars newcomer Dhruv Vikram and Banita Sandhu in the lead roles while Priya Anand appears in a supporting role. It is a remake of the Telugu film Arjun Reddy (2017). The film was originally directed by Bala under the title Varma (later amended to Varmaa) and shot between March and September 2018; however, in February 2019, due to creative differences with Bala, E4 Entertainment announced that the film would be completely re-shot with a new cast and crew while retaining Dhruv. The new version, titled Adithya Varma, began filming in March 2019 and is scheduled to be released that June.


== Cast ==
Dhruv Vikram as Adithya Varma
Banita Sandhu
Priya Anand
Anbu Thasan as Adithya Varma's friend


== Production ==


=== Original ===
In September 2017, it was announced that E4 Entertainment had bought the rights to remake the Telugu film Arjun Reddy (2017) in Tamil and Malayalam languages. The following month, Bala was chosen to direct the yet-untitled Tamil remake. On 10 November 2017, the title was announced as Varma, although it would later be amended to Varmaa. Raju Murugan was chosen to write the dialogues. M. Sukumar was selected to handle the cinematography. Producer Mukesh Mehta said the remake would be 20 minutes shorter than the Telugu original. Sathish Suriya was chosen as the film editor, after having earlier worked for Bala's Naachiyaar (2017). Actor Vikram's son Dhruv Vikram was cast as the male lead, making his acting debut. It would have been the debut for the Kolkata-based model Megha, who was chosen to play the female lead. Akash Premkumar was chosen to play the lead character's best friend Ashok. Other roles were given to Easwari Rao, Raiza Wilson, and Sandra Amy.Principal photography began in early March 2018 at Kathmandu, Nepal, and a week later, after completing the first schedule there, the crew shifted to Chennai for the second schedule. Shooting was briefly stalled due to a strike of the Tamil Film Producers Council, but resumed in April after the strike ended. For the final schedule, the team shifted to Tiruvannamalai. Principal photography wrapped in September 2018.


=== New version ===
On 7 February 2019, E4 Entertainment issued a press statement stating that they would go for a complete re-shoot of film as they were not satisfied with the final cut. They added that the film would be relaunched with a completely new cast and crew while retaining Dhruv. Bala decried these comments, calling them "false" and that it was his own decision to quit the film "in order to safeguard creative freedom". This became the first such incident in Tamil cinema that the producer of the film refuses to release the film due to unsatisfactory final cut despite the completion of the film. Mehta said the new version would begin filming in March 2019 and would also have a new title. Later in the month, Arjun Reddy writer-director Sandeep Vanga's assistant Gireesaaya was announced as the new director, making his directorial debut. The new cast and crew were also announced: heroine Banita Sandhu, supporting actress Priya Anand, and cinematographer Ravi K. Chandran. The new title, Adithya Varma, was announced on 19 February. Anbu Thasan joined the cast in March as the title character's friend, replacing Akash Premkumar. Filming for Adithya Varma began on 11 March. Following the filming of a song sequence in Portugal in mid-April 2019, 65% of the film's shoot was complete.


== Soundtrack ==
The soundtrack was composed by Radhan, who also composed that of the Telugu original. The song "Vaanodum Mannodum", written by Vairamuthu and sung by Vignesh G., was released on 27 December 2018 as a single. He had signed the project when it was titled Varmaa, and was retained for Adithya Varma.


== Release ==
Adithya Varma is scheduled to be released in June 2019. Shakthi Film Factory acquired the film's distribution rights for Tamil Nadu when it was titled Varmaa.


== See also ==
Kabir Singh
Anger management


== References ==


== External links ==
Adithya Varma on IMDb





The Book of the Dead is an ancient Egyptian funerary text, used from the beginning of the New Kingdom (around 1550 BCE) to around 50 BCE. The original Egyptian name for the text, transliterated rw nw prt m hrw, is translated as Book of Coming Forth by Day or Book of Emerging Forth into the Light. "Book" is the closest term to describe the loose collection of texts consisting of a number of magic spells intended to assist a dead person's journey through the Duat, or underworld, and into the afterlife and written by many priests over a period of about 1000 years.
The Book of the Dead was part of a tradition of funerary texts which includes the earlier Pyramid Texts and Coffin Texts, which were painted onto objects, not papyrus. Some of the spells included were drawn from these older works and date to the 3rd millennium BCE. Other spells were composed later in Egyptian history, dating to the Third Intermediate Period (11th to 7th centuries BCE). A number of the spells which made up the Book continued to be inscribed on tomb walls and sarcophagi, as had always been the spells from which they originated. The Book of the Dead was placed in the coffin or burial chamber of the deceased.
There was no single or canonical Book of the Dead. The surviving papyri contain a varying selection of religious and magical texts and vary considerably in their illustration. Some people seem to have commissioned their own copies of the Book of the Dead, perhaps choosing the spells they thought most vital in their own progression to the afterlife. The Book of the Dead was most commonly written in hieroglyphic or hieratic script on a papyrus scroll, and often illustrated with vignettes depicting the deceased and their journey into the afterlife.
The finest of examples we have of the Egyptian Book of the Dead in antiquity is the Papyrus of Ani, an Egyptian scribe. It is at the British Museum in London, and was discovered by and was taken out of Egypt in 1888 by Sir E. A. Wallis Budge, and was brought to the British Museum, where it currently resides.


== Development ==

The Book of the Dead developed from a tradition of funerary manuscripts dating back to the Egyptian Old Kingdom. The first funerary texts were the Pyramid Texts, first used in the Pyramid of King Unas of the 5th dynasty, around 2400 BCE. These texts were written on the walls of the burial chambers within pyramids, and were exclusively for the use of the Pharaoh (and, from the 6th dynasty, the Queen). The Pyramid Texts were written in an unusual hieroglyphic style; many of the hieroglyphs representing humans or animals were left incomplete or drawn mutilated, most likely to prevent them causing any harm to the dead pharaoh. The purpose of the Pyramid Texts was to help the dead King take his place amongst the gods, in particular to reunite him with his divine father Ra; at this period the afterlife was seen as being in the sky, rather than the underworld described in the Book of the Dead. Towards the end of the Old Kingdom, the Pyramid Texts ceased to be an exclusively royal privilege, and were adopted by regional governors and other high-ranking officials.
In the Middle Kingdom, a new funerary text emerged, the Coffin Texts. The Coffin Texts used a newer version of the language, new spells, and included illustrations for the first time. The Coffin Texts were most commonly written on the inner surfaces of coffins, though they are occasionally found on tomb walls or on papyri. The Coffin Texts were available to wealthy private individuals, vastly increasing the number of people who could expect to participate in the afterlife; a process which has been described as the "democratization of the afterlife".The Book of the Dead first developed in Thebes toward the beginning of the Second Intermediate Period, around 1700 BCE. The earliest known occurrence of the spells included in the Book of the Dead is from the coffin of Queen Mentuhotep, of the 13th dynasty, where the new spells were included amongst older texts known from the Pyramid Texts and Coffin Texts. Some of the spells introduced at this time claim an older provenance; for instance the rubric to spell 30B states that it was discovered by the Prince Hordjedef in the reign of King Menkaure, many hundreds of years before it is attested in the archaeological record.By the 17th dynasty, the Book of the Dead had become widespread not only for members of the royal family, but courtiers and other officials as well. At this stage, the spells were typically inscribed on linen shrouds wrapped around the dead, though occasionally they are found written on coffins or on papyrus.The New Kingdom saw the Book of the Dead develop and spread further. The famous Spell 125, the 'Weighing of the Heart', is first known from the reign of Hatshepsut and Thutmose III, c.1475 BCE. From this period onward the Book of the Dead was typically written on a papyrus scroll, and the text illustrated with vignettes. During the 19th dynasty in particular, the vignettes tended to be lavish, sometimes at the expense of the surrounding text.In the Third Intermediate Period, the Book of the Dead started to appear in hieratic script, as well as in the traditional hieroglyphics. The hieratic scrolls were a cheaper version, lacking illustration apart from a single vignette at the beginning, and were produced on smaller papyri. At the same time, many burials used additional funerary texts, for instance the Amduat.During the 25th and 26th dynasties, the Book of the Dead was updated, revised and standardised. Spells were consistently ordered and numbered for the first time. This standardised version is known today as the 'Saite recension', after the Saite (26th) dynasty. In the Late period and Ptolemaic period, the Book of the Dead remained based on the Saite recension, though increasingly abbreviated towards the end of the Ptolemaic period. New funerary texts appeared, including the Book of Breathing and Book of Traversing Eternity. The last use of the Book of the Dead was in the 1st century BCE, though some artistic motifs drawn from it were still in use in Roman times.


== Spells ==

The Book of the Dead is made up of a number of individual texts and their accompanying illustrations. Most sub-texts begin with the word ro, which can mean "mouth," "speech," "spell," "utterance," "incantation," or "a chapter of a book." This ambiguity reflects the similarity in Egyptian thought between ritual speech and magical power. In the context of the Book of the Dead, it is typically translated as either "chapter" or "spell." In this article, the word "spell" is used.
At present, some 192 spells are known, though no single manuscript contains them all. They served a range of purposes. Some are intended to give the deceased mystical knowledge in the afterlife, or perhaps to identify them with the gods: for instance, Spell 17 is an obscure and lengthy description of the god Atum. Others are incantations to ensure the different elements of the dead person's being were preserved and reunited, and to give the deceased control over the world around him. Still others protect the deceased from various hostile forces or guide him through the underworld past various obstacles. Famously, two spells also deal with the judgement of the deceased in the Weighing of the Heart ritual.
Such spells as 26–30, and sometimes spells 6 and 126, relate to the heart and were inscribed on scarabs.The texts and images of the Book of the Dead were magical as well as religious. Magic was as legitimate an activity as praying to the gods, even when the magic was aimed at controlling the gods themselves. Indeed, there was little distinction for the Ancient Egyptians between magical and religious practice. The concept of magic (heka) was also intimately linked with the spoken and written word.  The act of speaking a ritual formula was an act of creation; there is a sense in which action and speech were one and the same thing. The magical power of words extended to the written word. Hieroglyphic script was held to have been invented by the god Thoth, and the hieroglyphs themselves were powerful. Written words conveyed the full force of a spell. This was even true when the text was abbreviated or omitted, as often occurred in later Book of the Dead scrolls, particularly if the accompanying images were present. The Egyptians also believed that knowing the name of something gave power over it; thus, the Book of the Dead equips its owner with the mystical names of many of the entities he would encounter in the afterlife, giving him power over them.The spells of the Book of the Dead made use of several magical techniques which can also be seen in other areas of Egyptian life. A number of spells are for magical amulets, which would protect the deceased from harm. In addition to being represented on a Book of the Dead papyrus, these spells appeared on amulets wound into the wrappings of a mummy. Everyday magic made use of amulets in huge numbers. Other items in direct contact with the body in the tomb, such as headrests, were also considered to have amuletic value. A number of spells also refer to Egyptian beliefs about the magical healing power of saliva.


=== Organization ===
Almost every Book of the Dead was unique, containing a different mixture of spells drawn from the corpus of texts available. For most of the history of the Book of the Dead there was no defined order or structure. In fact, until Paul Barguet's 1967 "pioneering study" of common themes between texts, Egyptologists concluded there was no internal structure at all. It is only from the Saite period (26th dynasty) onwards that there is a defined order.The Books of the Dead from the Saite period tend to organize the Chapters into four sections:

Chapters 1–16* The deceased enters the tomb and descends to the underworld, and the body regains its powers of movement and speech.
Chapters 17–63 Explanation of the mythic origin of the gods and places. The deceased is made to live again so that he may arise, reborn, with the morning sun.
Chapters 64–129 The deceased travels across the sky in the sun ark as one of the blessed dead. In the evening, the deceased travels to the underworld to appear before Osiris.
Chapters 130–189 Having been vindicated, the deceased assumes power in the universe as one of the gods. This section also includes assorted chapters on protective amulets, provision of food, and important places.


== Egyptian concepts of death and afterlife ==

The spells in the Book of the Dead depict Egyptian beliefs about the nature of death and the afterlife. The Book of the Dead is a vital source of information about Egyptian beliefs in this area.


=== Preservation ===
One aspect of death was the disintegration of the various kheperu, or modes of existence. Funerary rituals served to re-integrate these different aspects of being. Mummification served to preserve and transform the physical body into sah, an idealised form with divine aspects; the Book of the Dead  contained spells aimed at preserving the body of the deceased, which may have been recited during the process of mummification. The heart, which was regarded as the aspect of being which included intelligence and memory, was also protected with spells, and in case anything happened to the physical heart, it was common to bury jewelled heart scarabs with a body to provide a replacement. The ka, or life-force, remained in the tomb with the dead body, and required sustenance from offerings of food, water and incense. In case priests or relatives failed to provide these offerings, Spell 105 ensured the ka was satisfied. The name of the dead person, which constituted their individuality and was required for their continued existence, was written in many places throughout the Book, and spell 25 ensured the deceased would remember their own name. The ba was a free-ranging spirit aspect of the deceased. It was the ba, depicted as a human-headed bird, which could "go forth by day" from the tomb into the world; spells 61 and 89 acted to preserve it. Finally, the shut, or shadow of the deceased, was preserved by spells 91, 92 and 188. If all these aspects of the person could be variously preserved, remembered, and satiated, then the dead person would live on in the form of an akh. An akh was a blessed spirit with magical powers who would dwell among the gods.


=== Afterlife ===
The nature of the afterlife which the dead person enjoyed is difficult to define, because of the differing traditions within Ancient Egyptian religion. In the Book of the Dead, the dead were taken into the presence of the god Osiris, who was confined to the subterranean Duat. There are also spells to enable the ba or akh of the dead to join Ra as he travelled the sky in his sun-barque, and help him fight off Apep. As well as joining the Gods, the Book of the Dead also depicts the dead living on in the 'Field of Reeds', a paradisiac likeness of the real world. The Field of Reeds is depicted as a lush, plentiful version of the Egypt of the living. There are fields, crops, oxen, people and waterways. The deceased person is shown encountering the Great Ennead, a group of gods, as well as his or her own parents. While the depiction of the Field of Reeds is pleasant and plentiful, it is also clear that manual labour is required. For this reason burials included a number of statuettes named shabti, or later ushebti. These statuettes were inscribed with a spell, also included in the Book of the Dead, requiring them to undertake any manual labour that might be the owner's duty in the afterlife. It is also clear that the dead not only went to a place where the gods lived, but that they acquired divine characteristics themselves. In many occasions, the deceased is mentioned as "The Osiris – [Name]" in the Book of the Dead.

The path to the afterlife as laid out in the Book of the Dead was a difficult one. The deceased was required to pass a series of gates, caverns and mounds guarded by supernatural creatures. These terrifying entities were armed with enormous knives and are illustrated in grotesque forms, typically as human figures with the heads of animals or combinations of different ferocious beasts. Their names—for instance, "He who lives on snakes" or "He who dances in blood"—are equally grotesque. These creatures had to be pacified by reciting the appropriate spells included in the Book of the Dead; once pacified they posed no further threat, and could even extend their protection to the dead person. Another breed of supernatural creatures was 'slaughterers' who killed the unrighteous on behalf of Osiris; the Book of the Dead equipped its owner to escape their attentions.  As well as these supernatural entities, there were also threats from natural or supernatural animals, including crocodiles, snakes, and beetles.


=== Judgment ===

If all the obstacles of the Duat could be negotiated, the deceased would be judged in the "Weighing of the Heart" ritual, depicted in Spell 125. The deceased was led by the god Anubis into the presence of Osiris. There, the dead person swore that he had not committed any sin from a list of 42 sins, reciting a text known as the "Negative Confession". Then the dead person's heart was weighed on a pair of scales, against the goddess Maat, who embodied truth and justice. Maat was often represented by an ostrich feather, the hieroglyphic sign for her name. At this point, there was a risk that the deceased's heart would bear witness, owning up to sins committed in life; Spell 30B guarded against this eventuality. If the scales balanced, this meant the deceased had led a good life. Anubis would take them to Osiris and they would find their place in the afterlife, becoming maa-kheru, meaning "vindicated" or "true of voice". If the heart was out of balance with Maat, then another fearsome beast called Ammit, the Devourer, stood ready to eat it and put the dead person's afterlife to an early and unpleasant end.This scene is remarkable not only for its vividness but as one of the few parts of the Book of the Dead with any explicit moral content. The judgment of the dead and the Negative Confession were a representation of the conventional moral code which governed Egyptian society. For every "I have not..." in the Negative Confession, it is possible to read an unexpressed "Thou shalt not". While the Ten Commandments of Judeo-Christian ethics are rules of conduct laid down by a perceived divine revelation, the Negative Confession is more a divine enforcement of everyday morality.  Views differ among Egyptologists about how far the Negative Confession represents a moral absolute, with ethical purity being necessary for progress to the Afterlife. John Taylor points out the wording of Spells 30B and 125 suggests a pragmatic approach to morality; by preventing the heart from contradicting him with any inconvenient truths, it seems that the deceased could enter the afterlife even if their life had not been entirely pure. Ogden Goelet says "without an exemplary and moral existence, there was no hope for a successful afterlife", while Geraldine Pinch suggests that the Negative Confession is essentially similar to the spells protecting from demons, and that the success of the Weighing of the Heart depended on the mystical knowledge of the true names of the judges rather than on the deceased's moral behaviour.


== Producing a Book of the Dead ==

A Book of the Dead papyrus was produced to order by scribes. They were commissioned by people in preparation for their own funeral, or by the relatives of someone recently deceased. They were expensive items; one source gives the price of a Book of the Dead scroll as one deben of silver, perhaps half the annual pay of a labourer. Papyrus itself was evidently costly, as there are many instances of its re-use in everyday documents, creating palimpsests. In one case, a Book of the Dead was written on second-hand papyrus.Most owners of the Book of the Dead were evidently part of the social elite; they were initially reserved for the royal family, but later papyri are found in the tombs of scribes, priests and officials. Most owners were men, and generally the vignettes included the owner's wife as well. Towards the beginning of the history of the Book of the Dead, there are roughly 10 copies belonging to men for every one for a woman. However, during the Third Intermediate Period, 2/3 were for women; and women owned roughly a third of the hieratic paypri from the Late and Ptolemaic Periods.The dimensions of a Book of the Dead could vary widely; the longest is 40m long while some are as short as 1m. They are composed of sheets of papyrus joined together, the individual papyri varying in width from 15 cm to 45 cm. The scribes working on Book of the Dead papyri took more care over their work than those working on more mundane texts; care was taken to frame the text within margins, and to avoid writing on the joints between sheets. The words peret em heru, or 'coming forth by day' sometimes appear on the reverse of the outer margin, perhaps acting as a label.Books were often prefabricated in funerary workshops, with spaces being left for the name of the deceased to be written in later. For instance, in the Papyrus of Ani, the name "Ani" appears at the top or bottom of a column, or immediately following a rubric introducing him as the speaker of a block of text; the name appears in a different handwriting to the rest of the manuscript, and in some places is mis-spelt or omitted entirely.The text of a New Kingdom Book of the Dead was typically written in cursive hieroglyphs, most often from left to right, but also sometimes from right to left. The hieroglyphs were in columns, which were separated by black lines – a similar arrangement to that used when hieroglyphs were carved on tomb walls or monuments. Illustrations were put in frames above, below, or between the columns of text. The largest illustrations took up a full page of papyrus.From the 21st Dynasty onward, more copies of the Book of the Dead are found in hieratic script. The calligraphy is similar to that of other hieratic manuscripts of the New Kingdom; the text is written in horizontal lines across wide columns (often the column size corresponds to the size of the papyrus sheets of which a scroll is made up). Occasionally a hieratic Book of the Dead contains captions in hieroglyphic.
The text of a Book of the Dead was written in both black and red ink, regardless of whether it was in hieroglyphic or hieratic script. Most of the text was in black, with red ink used for the titles of spells, opening and closing sections of spells, the instructions to perform spells correctly in rituals, and also for the names of dangerous creatures such as the demon Apep. The black ink used was based on carbon, and the red ink on ochre, in both cases mixed with water.The style and nature of the vignettes used to illustrate a Book of the Dead varies widely. Some contain lavish colour illustrations, even making use of gold leaf. Others contain only line drawings, or one simple illustration at the opening.Book of the Dead papyri were often the work of several different scribes and artists whose work was literally pasted together. It is usually possible to identify the style of more than one scribe used on a given manuscript, even when the manuscript is a shorter one. The text and illustrations were produced by different scribes; there are a number of Books where the text was completed but the illustrations were left empty.


== Discovery, translation, interpretation and preservation ==

The existence of the Book of the Dead was known as early as the Middle Ages, well before its contents could be understood. Since it was found in tombs, it was evidently a document of a religious nature, and this led to the widespread misapprehension that the Book of the Dead was the equivalent of a Bible or Qur'an.In 1842 Karl Richard Lepsius published a translation of a manuscript dated to the Ptolemaic era and coined the name "Book of The Dead" (das Todtenbuch). He also introduced the spell numbering system which is still in use, identifying 165 different spells. Lepsius promoted the idea of a comparative edition of the Book of the Dead, drawing on all relevant manuscripts. This project was undertaken by Édouard Naville, starting in 1875 and completed in 1886, producing a three-volume work including a selection of vignettes for every one of the 186 spells he worked with, the more significant variations of the text for every spell, and commentary. In 1867 Samuel Birch of the British Museum published the first extensive English translation. In 1876 he published a photographic copy of the Papyrus of Nebseny.The work of E. A. Wallis Budge, Birch's successor at the British Museum, is still in wide circulation – including both his hieroglyphic editions and his English translations of the Papyrus of Ani, though the latter are now considered inaccurate and out-of-date. More recent translations in English have been published by T. G. Allen (1974) and Raymond O. Faulkner (1972). As more work has been done on the Book of the Dead, more spells have been identified, and the total now stands at 192.In the 1970s, Ursula Rößler-Köhler at the University of Bonn began a working group to develop the history of Book of the Dead texts.  This later received sponsorship from the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia and the German Research Foundation, in 2004 coming under the auspices of the German Academies of Sciences and Arts.  Today the Book of the Dead Project, as it is called, maintains a database of documentation and photography covering 80% of extant copies and fragments from the corpus of Book of the Dead texts, and provides current services to Egyptologists.  It is housed at the University of Bonn, with much material available online. Affiliated scholars are authoring a series of monograph studies, the Studien zum Altägyptischen Totenbuch, alongside a series that publishes the manuscripts themselves, Handschriften des Altägyptischen Totenbuches.  Both are in print by Harrassowitz Verlag.  Orientverlag has released another series of related monographs, Totenbuchtexte, focused on analysis, synoptic comparison, and textual criticism.
Research work on the Book of the Dead has always posed technical difficulties thanks to the need to copy very long hieroglyphic texts. Initially, these were copied out by hand, with the assistance either of tracing paper or a camera lucida. In the mid-19th century, hieroglyphic fonts became available and made lithographic reproduction of manuscripts more feasible. In the present day, hieroglyphics can be rendered in desktop publishing software and this, combined with digital print technology, means that the costs of publishing a Book of the Dead may be considerably reduced. However, a very large amount of the source material in museums around the world remains unpublished.


=== Chronology ===

c. 3150 BCE – First preserved hieroglyphs, on small labels in the tomb of a king buried (in tomb U-j) at Abydos
c. 3000 BCE – The beginning of the numbered dynasties of kings of ancient Egypt
'c. 2345 BCE – First royal pyramid, of King Unas, to contain the Pyramid Texts, carved precursors (intended only for the king) to the funerary literature from which the Book of the Dead ultimately developed
c. 2100 BCE – First Coffin Texts, developed from the Pyramid Texts and for a time painted on the coffins of commoners. Many spells of the Book of the Dead are closely derived from them
c. 1600 BCE – Earliest spells of the Book of the Dead, on the coffin of Queen Menthuhotep, a descendant of kings from the New Kingdom
c. 1550 BCE – From this time onward to the beginning of the New Kingdom, papyrus copies of the Book of the Dead are used instead of inscribing spells on the walls of the tombs
c. 600 BCE – Approximately when the order of the spells became standard
2nd century CE – Possibly the last copies of the Book of the Dead were produced, but it is a poorly documented era of history
313 CE – Christianity spreads to Egypt
1798 – Napoleon's invasion of Egypt encourages European interests in ancient Egypt; 1799, Vivant Denon was handed a copy of the Book of the Dead
1805 – J. Marc Cadet makes the first publication, on 18 plates, of a Book of the Dead, Copie figurée d'un Roleau de Papyrus trouvé à Thèbes dans un Thombeau des Rois, accompagnèe d'une notice descriptive, Paris, Levrault
1822 – Jean-François Champollion announces the key to the decipherment of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic writing, subsequently developed in his later publications, the most extensive after his death in 1832
1842 – Lepsius publishes the first major study of the Book of the Dead, begins the numbering of the spells or chapters, and brings the name "Book of the Dead" into general circulation


== See also ==
Aaru
Bardo Thodol (Tibetan book of the dead)
Book of the Dead of Amen-em-hat
Book of the Dead of Qenna
Ghosts in ancient Egyptian culture
Necronomicon (H. P. Lovecraft's book of the dead)
Qenna


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Allen, James P., Middle Egyptian – An Introduction to the Language and Culture of Hieroglyphs, first edition, Cambridge University Press, 2000. ISBN 0-521-77483-7
Allen, Thomas George, The Egyptian Book of the Dead: Documents in the Oriental Institute Museum at the University of Chicago. University of Chicago Press, Chicago 1960.
Allen, Thomas George, The Book of the Dead or Going Forth by Day. Ideas of the Ancient Egyptians Concerning the Hereafter as Expressed in Their Own Terms, SAOC vol. 37; University of Chicago Press, Chicago, 1974.
Assmann, Jan (2005) [2001]. Death and Salvation in Ancient Egypt. Translated by David Lorton. Cornell University Press. ISBN 0-8014-4241-9
D'Auria, S (et al.) Mummies and Magic: the Funerary Arts of Ancient Egypt. Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, 1989. ISBN 0-87846-307-0
Faulkner, Raymond O; Andrews, Carol (editor), The Ancient Egyptian Book of the Dead. University of Texas Press, Austin, 1972.
Faulkner, Raymond O (translator); von Dassow, Eva (editor), The Egyptian Book of the Dead, The Book of Going forth by Day. The First Authentic Presentation of the Complete Papyrus of Ani. Chronicle Books, San Francisco, 1994.
Hornung, Erik; Lorton, D (translator), The Ancient Egyptian books of the Afterlife. Cornell University Press, 1999. ISBN 0-8014-8515-0
Lapp, G, The Papyrus of Nu (Catalogue of Books of the Dead in the British Museum). British Museum Press, London, 1997.
Müller-Roth, Marcus, "The Book of the Dead Project: Past, present and future."  British Museum Studies in Ancient Egypt and Sudan 15 (2010):  189-200.
Niwinski, Andrzej, Studies on the Illustrated Theban Funerary Papyri of the 11th and 10th Centuries B.C.. OBO vol. 86; Universitätsverlag, Freiburg, 1989.
Pinch, Geraldine, Magic in Ancient Egypt. British Museum Press, London, 1994. ISBN 0-7141-0971-1
Taylor, John H. (Editor), Ancient Egyptian Book of the Dead: Journey through the afterlife. British Museum Press, London, 2010. ISBN 978-0-7141-1993-9


== External links ==
The Mummy Chamber Brooklyn Museum Exhibit
Das altägyptische Totenbuch - ein digitales Textzeugenarchiv Complete digital archive of all witnesses for the Book of the Dead (with descriptions of the (c. 3000) objects and (c. 20.000) images)
Online Readable Text, with several images and reproductions of Egyptian papyri
Papyrus of Hunefer, with many scenes and their formula English translations, from the copy now in the British Museum
Video: British Museum curator introduces the Book of the Dead





Nine ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Speedy:

HMS Speedy (1782) was a 14 gun sloop-of-war, launched in 1782. She was captured by the French in 1794, retaken by HMS Inconstant in 1795 and commanded by Thomas Cochrane in 1801.  The French captured her again in 1801, whilst she was in the Mediterranean Sea, and donated her to the Papal Navy, She was struck in 1806.
HMS Speedy (1798) was a gunboat serving on the Canadian Great Lakes. She was launched in 1798 and foundered in 1804.
HMS Speedy (1803) was a brig-sloop, formerly George Herbert, purchased in 1803 and sold in 1818 for use as a floating chapel. The chapel was used until 1834 then she was broken up.
HMS Speedy (1828) was a six-gun cutter launched in 1828, converted to a dockyard mooring lighter in 1853 and renamed YC.11 and broken up in 1866.
HMS Speedy (1860) was a wood screw gunboat of the Britomart class, launched in 1860 and broken up in 1889.
HMS Speedy (1893) was a torpedo gunboat launched in 1893 and sunk by a mine in the Humber estuary in 1914.
HMS Speedy (1918) was an S-class destroyer launched in 1918 and sunk on 24 September 1922 in a collision with a tug in the Sea of Marmara.
HMS Speedy (J17) was a Halcyon-class minesweeper launched in 1938.  She was sold in 1946 and renamed Speedon, and was broken up at Aden in 1957.
HMS Speedy (P296) was a jetfoil launched in 1979 and sold into mercantile service in 1986.


== See also ==
Speedy-class brig
Speedy (disambiguation)


== References ==





The All India Yadav Mahasabha is a caste association established in 1924 for serving a broad body of Indian social groups mainly composed of Nandvanshi, Gwalvanshi and Yaduvanshi castes, collectively known as the Yadav caste.
The educated elite among the Yadavs led to the formation of the All-India Yadav Mahasabha in 1924 in Allahabad. The AIYM immediately engaged itself in two issues. It appealed to its caste members in all regions to addYadav to their names and at the same time launched on a major programme of social reform.In the mid-20th century the Mahasabha pressed the Government of India to form a Yadav regiment in the Indian Army, following their performance in the 1962 Indo-China war.


== See also ==
The Divine Heritage of the YadavasYadavas also called Golla in Telugu is mentioned in Sri Venkateswara Mahathyam, the story of origin of Lord Balaji (Kaliyuga avathar of Lord Vishnu) at  Tirumala hills, Chittor district, Andhra Pradesh, India.In search of Lakshmi Devi, Lord Vishnu reached Tirumala hills leaving Vaikuntam. 
Bramha and Shiva turned as cow and calf and given milk to Srinivasa. At that time one man belongs to the caste of Golla, pasuvula kapari (in telugu means the person who looks after the care of animals ) beats srinivas with Iron rod. Injured Srinivasa curse him to convert to Devil.  
Akasha Raja had daughter by name Padmavathi fell in love with Srinivasa (Lord Vishnu), both got married. Lakshmi Devi the first wife of Lord Vishnu came to know the that her husband got married again and find them in the forest area of Tirumala hills. Lakshmi Devi and Padmavathi quarrels with each other, and Srinivasa become statue as Lord Balaji. Lord Balaji given offering  to have first dharshan every day for the golla family who converted as devil by his curse as Srinivasa.


== References ==
E.G.T.V.Kumar from Sri Venkateswara Mahathyam


== External links ==
Official website





Green Paddocks (originally The Limes Farmhouse) is a house in Pulford, Cheshire, England.  It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.


== History and critique ==
The house was built in 1872 for Hugh Grosvenor (then the 3rd Marquess of Westminster and later the 1st Duke of Westminster), and designed by the Chester architect John Douglas.  In the Buildings of England series, the architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner states that it is "employed with inventiveness and virtuosity" and "meticulously detailed" .  In his biography of Douglas, Edward Hubbard states that it is "remarkable ... for the care and expense lavished on it".


== Architecture ==
Green Paddocks is constructed in brown brick with red tile roofs; it has two storeys and attics.  The entrance front is symmetrical in three bays, with the central bay projecting forwards.  The central bay has an arched doorway with a twelve-panelled door.  Above this is panelled brickwork and a mullioned window, and over this is a pargetted gable.  The lateral bays have mullioned windows in both lower storeys, and in the attics.  Above these are shaped gables.  The roof is steeply hipped, and at the rear is a small turret-like roof.Internally, great care has been given to detail, particularly in the staircase, the doors, and the fireplace in the front room. Some of the panelled mahogany doors had been brought in from a demolished Victorian hotel.


== See also ==

Listed buildings in Pulford
List of houses and associated buildings by John Douglas


== References ==





Joshua Rosenblum (born May 10, 1963) is an American composer, conductor, pianist, arranger, and music journalist.  He has composed extensively for the concert hall as well as for musical theatre, and currently teaches Composing for Musical Theater at Yale University, his alma mater.  As a pianist, he performs frequently in the New York City area as soloist and accompanist, as well as in Broadway pit orchestras, and with the New York City Center Encores! Orchestra.  He has conducted numerous Broadway and Off-Broadway shows, including How the Grinch Stole Christmas!, Wonderful Town, Falsettos, Miss Saigon, and Anything Goes.


== Education ==
Rosenblum attended Marietta High School in his hometown of Marietta, Ohio, and spent summers at the Interlochen Arts Camp in Interlochen, Michigan.  He graduated summa cum laude from Yale College in 1983 at the age of 20, and proceeded directly to graduate school at the Yale School of Music, where he studied piano with Ward Davenny and Donald Currier.  Among his composition teachers were Jacob Druckman, Martin Bresnick, and Frank Lewin (Composition for Film).  He earned his M.M. in Piano Performance in 1985.  Rosenblum is now a faculty member at Yale, where he has taught Composing for Musical Theater since 2006.


== Musical theater ==
Rosenblum composed the score for the Off-Broadway show Fermat's Last Tango, a musical version of the story of Andrew Wiles, the Princeton mathematician who proved Fermat’s Last Theorem, the most famous unsolved problem in mathematics.  The show was a collaboration between Rosenblum and his wife, novelist, librettist and singer Joanne Sydney Lessner, who wrote the book and co-wrote the lyrics with Rosenblum.  Fermat’s Last Tango ran in New York at the York Theatre Company, and received its international premiere at Teatro da Trindade in Lisbon.  Rosenblum and Lessner also collaborated on Einstein's Dreams (based on the best-selling novel by Alan Lightman), Garbo and Me, based on the life of screen legend Greta Garbo, and The Haunted Hotel, which was commissioned by the Signature Theatre in Virginia as part of their New American Voices Project.  Einstein’s Dreams was given a concert performance at Symphony Space in 2009 starring John Bolton and Kate Shindle, and also received performances at Teatro da Trindade.  The show will have its Off-Broadway premiere production starting in November 2019, presented by the Prospect Theater Company at 59E59 Theaters.  
Rosenblum wrote the songs and incidental music for Quincy Long's play The Joy of Going Somewhere Definite, which ran Off-Broadway at the Atlantic Theater Company in 1997.In 2005, in response to the re-election of President George W. Bush, Rosenblum created the satirical musical revue Bush is Bad, which ran for a year and a half at New York’s Triad Theater, and spawned additional productions in Los Angeles, Minneapolis, and Charleston, SC. In its original iteration, it starred Kate Baldwin, Michael McCoy, and Neal Mayer, who each portrayed multiple figures in the Bush administration.
Also along political lines, Rosenblum wrote book, music, and lyrics for Mark Felt, Superstar, which tells the story of the Watergate scandal from the perspective of "Deep Throat," the FBI official who was the secret source for journalists Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein of the Washington Post.  Mark Felt, Superstar had performances at the Triad in April 2015, and a limited run at the York Theatre in 2017.  In February 2016, the Central School of Speech and Drama in London presented a devised musical theater work consisting of Rosenblum's songs, entitled "Love is Not a Science".  As a result, the Central School commissioned Rosenblum and Lessner to write a new musical, based on the play Stage Door by Edna Ferber and George S. Kaufman, which received its world premiere production in May, 2017.


== Concert music ==
Rosenblum has composed extensively for the concert hall, and his works can be heard on two recordings, Impetuosities and Sundry Notes, both on the Albany Records label.  In 2009, Rosenblum founded The Pit Stop Players, a chamber group composed of New York freelance musicians.  The group focuses on contemporary classical music, including Rosenblum’s own compositions, but also plays pieces from a wide variety of other genres, including rock, jazz, fusion, opera, and film music.  The group's concerts have been critically acclaimed. A 2012 performance featured Rosenblum's original work, "A Young Person's Guide to the Pit Stop Players."  The piece, an homage to Britten's similarly titled "A Young Person's Guide to the Orchestra," was narrated by actress/director Cynthia Nixon.


== Music journalism ==
Rosenblum has contributed CD and performance reviews as well as feature articles to Opera News magazine on a regular basis since 1999.  He has also written for Newsday, Stagebill, ZEALnyc, and The Charleston Post and Courier (as Overview Critic for the Spoleto Festival USA).


== References ==


== External links ==
Rosenblum Music - Website
Joshua Rosenblum at the Internet Off-Broadway Database (Lortel Archives)
Joshua Rosenblum at the Internet Broadway Database
"Jolts to the Nervous System, Just for Adults" from The New York Times
Yale University Department of Music - Faculty





Oberlahr is a municipality in the district of Altenkirchen, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.


== References ==





Siddhicharan is a municipality and the district headquarter of Okhaldhunga District in Province No. 1 of Nepal that was established in May 2014 by merging the two former Village development committees Andheri, Thulachhap, Jyamire, Salleri, Rumjatar and Okhaldhunga. It is named after the Nepali poet Siddhicharan Shrestha. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 27,995 people living in 6,994 individual households.


== Transportation ==
Rumjatar Airport lies in Old-Rumjatar offering flights to Lukla and Kathmandu.


== References ==


== External links ==
UN map of the municipalities of Okhaldhunga District





Kahnab (Persian: كهناب‎, also Romanized as Kahnāb; also known as Geyanī, Gīānū, Gīnū, Jīānū, and Kayno) is a village in Bonab Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 65, in 21 families.


== References ==





Johannes Cornelis (Hans) van Vliet (born 12 September 1949, Mijdrecht) is a Dutch computer scientist and Professor Emeritus of Software Engineering at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, known for his work in quantitative aspects of software engineering.Van Vliet received his MA in Mathematics at the Vrije Universiteit, and in 1979 his PhD in Computer Science at the University of Amsterdam. After 1979 he started his career as researcher at the Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica (National Research Institute for Mathematics and Computer Science), and in the year 1983-84 was visiting scientist at the IBM Research Laboratory in San Jose. Since 1987 he is professor of Software Engineering at the Vrije Universiteit. Since 2007 he is member of the IFIP WG 2.10, and chaired the ESEC/FSE conference on Software Engineering in 2009 in Amsterdam.


== Publications ==
Books, a selection:

Hans van Vliet. Software engineering. Stenfert Kroese, 1988 (in Dutch)
Hans van Vliet. Software Engineering: Principles and Practice Wiley, 1993, 1996, 2000, 2003, 2007.Articles, a selection:
Hans van Vliet, Jaap Gordijn and Hans Akkermans. "Business modelling is not process modelling."  in: Conceptual modeling for e-business and the web. Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2000. p. 40-51.
Hans van Vliet, Hans de Bruin. "Scenario-based generation and evaluation of software architectures." in: Generative and Component-Based Software Engineering. Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2001. p. 128-139
Hans van Vliet, PerOlof Bengtsson et al. "Architecture-level modifiability analysis (ALMA)." in: Journal of Systems and Software Vol 69 (1), 2004. p. 129-147.
Greefhorst, Danny, Henk Koning, and Hans van Vliet. "The many faces of architectural descriptions." Information Systems Frontiers 8.2 (2006): 103-113.
Hans van Vliet, Philippe Kruchten and Patricia Lago. "Building up and reasoning about architectural knowledge." in: Quality of Software Architectures. Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2006. p. 43-58.
Hans van Vliet, Remco C. de Boer. "On the similarity between requirements and architecture". in: Journal of Systems and Software Vol 82 (3). 2009. p. 544-550.


== References ==


== External links ==
Hans van Vliet publications indexed by Google Scholar





Ferdinando De Matthaeis (born May 29, 1961) Is a retired professional Italian Footballer who played for the New York Cosmos. He currently serves as head coach of Miami United FC in the National Premier Soccer League.


== Playing career ==
De Matthaeis spent the majority of his fifteen-year professional career in New York, with short stints in Italy. He was called in to one National team  training camp towards the end of his career. While he played with the New York Cosmos he enjoyed minutes playing alongside some of the greats like Carlos Alberto, Franz Beckenbauer, and Giorgio Chinaglia. He appeared 38 times over 4 years for the New York Cosmos from 1981 to 1984. During his career with the Cosmos he scored 17 times and assisted on 12 goals in both indoor and outdoor competitions.


== Coaching career ==
De Matthaeis coached at IMG Academy in Sarasota, Florida  for a number of years, where he developed young athletes in preparation for the next level. In 2014 De Matthaeis moved to Miami, Florida where he became head coach of Miami United FC (NPSL). During his only year in charge he posted a record of 7–3–0 and won the NPSL Sunshine Conference. He became the only Miami United FC head coach to go undefeated during the regular season. In 2015 with the help of another ownership group he founded the Miami Fusion FC of the NPSL. He would coach them in their first season of play to a NPSL Sunshine Conference championship over his former team Miami United FC. With this win he would secure a place for the Miami Fusion FC in the 2016 US Open Cup in their first season.


== References ==





Andamooka Station is a pastoral lease that once operated as a sheep station but now operates as a cattle station in outback South Australia.


== Description ==
It is located approximately 28 kilometres (17 mi) north east of Roxby Downs and 115 kilometres (71 mi) west of Lyndhurst. The station is bounded to the east by the ephemeral salt lake, Lake Torrens. It is bounded to the south by Arcoona Station and to the north by Stuart Creek and Mulgaria Station. Both Roxby Downs Station and Purple Downs abut the western boundary.
The landscape is composed mostly of Arcoona tablelands vegetated with saltbush and bluebush. It is currently stocked with cattle.Currently the lease is held by BHP Billiton and occupies an area of 2,500 square kilometres (965 sq mi). The BHP Billiton Olympic Dam mine and processing plant is found in the north west of the station. The company also holds the lease for three other properties the surround the operations; Roxby Downs, Purple Downs and Stuart Creek Stations.


== History ==
The traditional owners of the area are the Kyuni peoples. The name Andamooka is a combination of two of their words meaning loaded bone or powerful bone, which is a reference to Aboriginal lore and an act of retribution.The first European to visit was John McDouall Stuart who passed through the area in 1858 and made note of a waterhole in the area.The station was established in 1872. In 1880 the property was owned by Messrs Bowman and Young and was running sheep. The men had sunk several wells and also acquired a 450 square miles (1,165 km2) block of land for £3.000 from M. Wooldridge of Arcoona Station to enlarge the run which was stocked with 17,000 sheep and was in the process of erecting a shearing shed By 1884 the 1,357 square miles (3,515 km2) property was stocked with 45,000 sheep, 900 cattle and 250 horses. It produced 480 bales of wool from the years clip. In 1885 the station encompassed an area of 1,357 square miles (3,515 km2) and was stocked with 45,000 sheep, 200 cattle and 250 horses. The same year 680 bales of wool were produced. By 1893 the property was owned by Messrs Beaton and Young.By 1901 the lease had been abandoned like many others in the area but left under a caretaker, the property encompassed an area of 1,240 square miles (3,212 km2).Opals were discovered on the property in 1930 by two drovers who saw the flashes of colour reflected from opals embedded in a hillside after a thunderstorm. The townsite of Andamooka was established shortly afterward.In 1949 Andamooka occupied an area of 1,200 square miles (3,108 km2) and was managed by Lloyd Pollard. Dingos had become problematic in the area and were killing stock.The area had good rains in 1984 with the lakes partially filled, some years of drought followed, but heavy rains arriving again in 2007 with 112 millimetres (4 in) rain over a couple of days and floodwaters coming within 20 metres (66 ft) of the homestead.The land occupying the extent of the Andamooka Station pastoral lease was gazetted by the Government of South Australia as a locality in April 2013 under the name 'Andamooka Station'.


== See also ==
List of ranches and stations


== References ==





The ways in which societies have perceived the concept of creativity have changed throughout history, as has the term itself.  The ancient Greek concept of art (in Greek, "techne" — the root of "technique" and "technology"), with the exception of poetry, involved not freedom of action but subjection to rules.  In Rome, the Greek concept was partly shaken, and visual artists were viewed as sharing, with poets, imagination and inspiration.
Under medieval Christianity, the Latin "creatio" came to designate God's act of "creatio ex nihilo" ("creation from nothing"); thus "creatio" ceased to apply to human activities.  The Middle Ages, however, went even further than antiquity, when they revoked poetry's exceptional status:  it, too, was an art and therefore craft and not creativity.
Renaissance men sought to give voice to their sense of their freedom and creativity.  The first to apply the word "creativity," however, was the 17th-century Polish poet Maciej Kazimierz Sarbiewski — but he applied it only to poetry.  For over a century and a half, the idea of human creativity met with resistance, because the term "creation" was reserved for creation "from nothing."
In the 19th century, art took its revenge:  now not only was art recognized as creativity, but it alone was.  When later, at the turn of the 20th century, there began to be discussion as well of creativity in the sciences and in nature, this was taken as the transference, to the sciences and to nature, of concepts that were proper to art.


== Term and concept ==

The ancient Greeks had no terms corresponding to "to create" or "creator."  The expression "poiein" ("to make") sufficed.  And even that was not extended to art in general, but only to poiesis (poetry) and to the poietes (poet, or "maker") who made it.  Plato asks in The Republic, "Will we say, of a painter, that he makes something?" and answers, "Certainly not, he merely imitates."  To the ancient Greeks, the concept of a creator and of creativity implied freedom of action, whereas the Greeks' concept of art involved subjection to laws and rules.  Art (in Greek, "techne") was "the making of things, according to rules."  It contained no creativity, and it would have been — in the Greeks' view — a bad state of affairs if it had.This understanding of art had a distinct premise:  Nature is perfect and is subject to laws, therefore man ought to discover its laws and submit to them, and not seek freedom, which will deflect him from that optimum which he can attain.  The artist was a discoverer, not an inventor.

The sole exception to this Greek view — a great exception — was poetry.  The poet made new things — brought to life a new world — while the artist merely imitated.  And the poet, unlike the artist, was not bound by laws.  There were no terms corresponding to "creativity" or "creator," but in reality the poet was understood to be one who creates.  And only he was so understood.  In music, there was no freedom:  melodies were prescribed, particularly for ceremonies and entertainments, and were known tellingly as "nomoi" ("laws").  In the visual arts, freedom was limited by the proportions that Polyclitus had established for the human frame, and which he called "the canon" (meaning, "measure").  Plato argued in Timaeus that, to execute a good work, one must contemplate an eternal model.  Later the Roman, Cicero, would write that art embraces those things "of which we have knowledge" ("quae sciuntur").Poets saw things differently.  Book I of the Odyssey asks, "Why forbid the singer to please us with singing as he himself will?"  Aristotle had doubts as to whether poetry was imitation of reality, and as to whether it required adherence to truth:  it was, rather, the realm of that "which is neither true nor false."In Rome, these Greek concepts were partly shaken.  Horace wrote that not only poets but painters as well were entitled to the privilege of daring whatever they wished to ("quod libet audendi").  In the declining period of antiquity, Philostratus wrote that "one can discover a similarity between poetry and art and find that they have imagination in common."  Callistratos averred that "Not only is the art of the poets and prosaists inspired, but likewise the hands of sculptors are gifted with the blessing of divine inspiration."  This was something new:  classical Greeks had not applied the concepts of imagination and inspiration to the visual arts but had restricted them to poetry.  Latin was richer than Greek:  it had a term for "creating" ("creatio") and for "creator," and had two expressions — "facere" and "creare" — where Greek had but one, "poiein."  Still, the two Latin terms meant much the same thing.A fundamental change, however, came in the Christian period:  "creatio" came to designate God's act of "creation from nothing" ("creatio ex nihilo").  "Creatio" thus took on a different meaning than "facere" ("to make"), and ceased to apply to human functions.  As the 6th-century Roman official and literary figure Cassiodorus wrote, "things made and created differ, for we can make, who cannot create."Alongside this new, religious interpretation of the expression, there persisted the ancient view that art is not a domain of creativity. This is seen in two early and influential Christian writers, Pseudo-Dionysius and St. Augustine. Later medieval men such as Hraban the Moor, and Robert Grosseteste in the 13th century, thought much the same way.  The Middle Ages here went even further than antiquity; they made no exception of poetry:  it too had its rules, was an art, and was therefore craft and not creativity.All this changed in modern times.  Renaissance men had a sense of their own independence, freedom and creativity, and sought to give voice to this sense of independence and creativity.  The philosopher Marsilio Ficino wrote that the artist "thinks up" ("excogitatio") his works; the theoretician of architecture and painting, Leon Battista Alberti, that he "preordains" ("preordinazione"); Raphael, that he shapes a painting according to his idea; Leonardo da Vinci, that he employs "shapes that do not exist in nature"; Michelangelo, that the artist realizes his vision rather than imitating nature; Giorgio Vasari, that "nature is conquered by art"; the Venetian art theoretician, Paolo Pino, that painting is "inventing what is not"; Paolo Veronese, that painters avail themselves of the same liberties as do poets and madmen; Federico Zuccari (1542–1609), that the artist shapes "a new world, new paradises"; Cesare Cesariano (1483–1541), that architects are "demi-gods."  Among musicians, the Flemish composer and musicologist Johannes Tinctoris (1446–1511) demanded novelty in what a composer did, and defined a composer as "one who produces new songs."Still more emphatic were those who wrote about poetry:  G.P. Capriano held (1555) that the poet's invention springs "from nothing."  Francesco Patrizi (1586) saw poetry as "fiction," "shaping," "transformation."Finally, at long last, someone ventured to use the word, "creation."  He was the 17th-century Polish poet and theoretician of poetry, Maciej Kazimierz Sarbiewski (1595–1640), known as "the last Latin poet."  In his treatise, De perfecta poesi, he not only wrote that a poet "invents," "after a fashion builds," but also that the poet "creates anew" ("de novo creat").  Sarbiewski even added:  "in the manner of God" ("instar Dei").Sarbiewski, however, regarded creativity as the exclusive privilege of poetry; creativity was not open to visual artists.  "Other arts merely imitate and copy but do not create, because they assume the existence of the material from which they create or of the subject."  As late as the end of the 17th century, André Félibien (1619–75) would write that the painter is "so to speak [a] creator."  The Spanish Jesuit Baltasar Gracián (1601–58) wrote similarly as Sarbiewski:  "Art is the completion of nature, as it were a second Creator..."By the 18th century, the concept of creativity was appearing more often in art theory.  It was linked with the concept of imagination, which was on all lips. Joseph Addison wrote that the imagination "has something in it like creation."  Voltaire declared (1740) that "the true poet is creative."  With both these authors, however, this was rather only a comparison of poet with creator.Other writers took a different view.  Denis Diderot felt that imagination is merely "the memory of forms and contents," and "creates nothing" but only combines, magnifies or diminishes.  It was precisely in 18th-century France, indeed, that the idea of man's creativity met with resistance.  Charles Batteux wrote that "The human mind cannot create, strictly speaking; all its products bear the stigmata of their model; even monsters invented by an imagination unhampered by laws can only be composed of parts taken from nature."  Luc de Clapiers, marquis de Vauvenargues (1715–47), and Étienne Bonnot de Condillac (1715–80) spoke to a similar effect.Their resistance to the idea of human creativity had a triple source.  The expression, "creation," was then reserved for creation ex nihilo (Latin: from nothing), which was inaccessible to man.  Second, creation is a mysterious act, and Enlightenment psychology did not admit of mysteries.  Third, artists of the age were attached to their rules, and creativity seemed irreconcilable with rules.  The latter objection was the weakest, as it was already beginning to be realized (e.g., by Houdar de la Motte, 1715) that rules ultimately are a human invention.In the 19th century, art took its compensation for the resistance of preceding centuries against recognizing it as creativity.  Now not only was art regarded as creativity, but it alone was so regarded. When later, at the turn of the 20th century, there began to be discussion as well of creativity in the sciences (e.g., Jan Łukasiewicz, 1878–1956) and in nature (e.g., Henri Bergson), this was generally taken as the transference, to the sciences and to nature, of concepts proper to art.The start of the scientific study of creativity is sometimes taken as J. P. Guilford's 1950 address to the American Psychological Association, which helped popularize the subject.Other students of creativity have taken a more pragmatic approach, teaching practical creativity techniques. Three of the best-known are Alex Osborn's "brainstorming" (1950s to present), Genrikh Altshuller's Theory of Inventive Problem-Solving (TRIZ, 1950s to present), and Edward de Bono's "lateral thinking" (1960s to present).


== Periods and personalities ==


=== Ancient Greece ===
Archimedes
Plato's Dialogue of Ion3rd centuryPorphyry of Tyros graphically visualised the concept categories of Aristotle.4th century of the Christian EraPappus of Alexandria in Egypt was searching for a science of invention, naming his techniques "heuristics".


=== 11th century – 16th century ===
13th centuryAbout 1275, in an early attempt to use logical means to produce knowledge, Ramon Llull designed a method of combining attributes selected from a number of lists, which he first published in full in his Ars generalis ultima or Ars magna (1305).  This used concept structures of the mind-map form.

1470sLeonardo da Vinci


=== 1500s–2000s ===
There was no real demand for such a science until the 19th century, when the Industrial Revolution started:

William Gordon - Synectics
Edward Matchett - Fundamental design method (1968)
Idan Gafni - Association expansion cards (Object Pairing)
Edward de Bono - a complex of techniques
L. D. Miles - Value engineering - a technique for operating with available knowledgeFollowing along Miles’ line of thought were:

Fritz Zwicky - Morphological Analysis
Yoji Akoa - Quality Function Deployment
beginning in the mid-1940s - start of knowledge-based creativity era by TRIZEarly 20th centuryPablo Picasso painter
Marcel Duchamp artist
Alfred North Whitehead philosopher, algebraist1940sFritz Zwicky - Morphological Analysis
Lawrence Delos Miles - Value engineering - technique for operating with available knowledge, Methods of collecting and organizing knowledge about a problem and the system. Functional analysis. Morphological approach.
George Polya1950sAlex Osborn - Methods of reducing psychological inertia. Team work.
Sid Parnes
Genrikh Altshuller - TRIZ, ARIZ1960sCarl Jung classified creativity as one of the five main instinctive forces in humans (Jung 1964)
Edward Matchett - Fundamental design method (1968)
Carl Rogers' essay, "Towards a Theory of Creativity" (1961):
William Gordon - Synectics
Edward de Bono - Lateral thinking
J. P. Guilford - measuring creativity1970sAlbert Rothenberg coined the term 'Janusian thinking'
Yoji Akao - Quality function deployment
Carlos Castaneda - A Separate Reality: Further Conversations with Don Juan
Joseph D. Novak  [1]  [2] at Cornell University - Concept map
Ellis Paul Torrance - Torrance Tests of Creative Thinking1980sPaul Palnik - Creative Consciousness The healthiest state of mind. [1981]1990sTony Buzan - mind map
Idan Gafni - association expansion cards concept (Object Pairing)2000s (decade)Creative capabilities and the promotion of highly innovative research - organizational factors fostering creativity in science
Michel Weber's pancreativism


=== Undated ===
The Reviewed Dendrogram technique, relies on the experience of designers which may be limited to certain areas of expertise such as chemistry or electronics. Thus, a solution that might be simpler and cheaper using magnetism could be missed.


== See also ==
Multiple discovery


== Notes ==


== References ==
Tatarkiewicz, Władysław (1980). A History of Six Ideas: an Essay in Aesthetics. Translated from the Polish by Christopher Kasparek, The Hague: Martinus Nijhoff.  (The book traces the history of key aesthetics concepts, including art, beauty, form, creativity, mimesis, and the aesthetic experience.)
Sternberg, R.J.; Lubart, T.I. (1999). "The Concept of Creativity: Prospects and Paradigms".  In ed. Sternberg, R.J. Handbook of Creativity. Cambridge University Press.CS1 maint: Extra text: editors list (link)
Albert, R.S.; Runco, M.A. (1999). "A History of Research on Creativity".  In ed. Sternberg, R.J. Handbook of Creativity. Cambridge University Press.CS1 maint: Extra text: editors list (link)

Jonah Lehrer, Imagine: How Creativity Works, 2012.
Michel Weber, "Creativity, Efficacy and Vision: Ethics and Psychology in an Open Universe," in Michel Weber and Pierfrancesco Basile (eds.), Subjectivity, Process, and Rationality, Frankfurt/Lancaster, ontos verlag, Process Thought XIV, 2006, pp. 263–281.





Pavel Shcheglovsky (born 9 September 1972) is a Russian bobsledder. He competed in the two man and the four man events at the 1998 Winter Olympics.


== References ==





Blekinge County (Swedish: Blekinge län) is a county or län in the south of Sweden. It borders the Counties of Skåne, Kronoberg, Kalmar and the Baltic Sea. The capital is Karlskrona. It is the smallest of the present administrative counties of Sweden, covering only 0,7% of the total area of the country.


== Province ==
For History, Geography and Culture, see: BlekingeBlekinge, the historical province Blekinge, has virtually the same boundaries as the current administrative entity, Blekinge County.


== Administration ==
Blekinge County was a part of Kalmar County between 1680 and 1683, due to the foundation of the naval base at Karlskrona.
The main aim of the County Administrative Board is to fulfil the goals set in national politics by the Riksdag and the Government, to coordinate the interests and promote the development of the county, to establish regional goals and safeguard the due process of law in the handling of each case. The County Administrative Board is a Government Agency headed by a Governor. See List of Blekinge Governors.


== Heraldry ==
The County of Blekinge inherited its coat of arms from the province of Blekinge. When it is shown with a royal crown it represents the County Administrative Board.


== Politics ==

Blekinge County Council, or Landstinget Blekinge, is a municipal entity that is independent of, but coterminous with, the County Administrative Board. Its main responsibilities lie in health care and public transportation issues for the county.
After the Swedish general election in 2014, the Blekinge County council are represented by the following political parties:


== Governors ==

The current governor of Blekinge County is Moderate Party politician Sten Nordin, appointed on the 1st of October 2017.


== Municipalities ==

Population as of 2009-12-31
Blekinge county total 152 591, 1.6% of the nation.

Karlshamn 30 919
Karlskrona 63 342
Olofström 13 102
Ronneby 28 416
Sölvesborg 16 813


== Localities in order of size ==
The five most populous localities of Blekinge County in 2010:


== References ==


== External links ==
Blekinge County Administrative Board
Blekinge County Council
Regional Association of Blekinge





Ghar (Hindi: घर; English - House) is an Indian Bollywood film directed by Manik Chatterjee, released on 9 February 1978. The film is about a young married couple coping with the aftermath of rape, and stars Vinod Mehra and Rekha in lead roles. The film was remade in Tamil as Kaadhal Kiligal and in Malayalam as Aa Raathri.


== Plot ==
Vikas Chandra (Vinod Mehra) and Aarti (Rekha) have recently married, and they move into their new apartment. One day they go out to watch a late night Hindi movie at a local cinema theatre. The movie gets over well after midnight, and as no cab is found at that hour, they decide to walk home on foot. On the way, they are suddenly waylaid by four men, who assault Vikas, leaving him unconscious, and forcibly take Aarti with them. When Vikas regains consciousness he finds himself in hospital with a head wound. He is informed that Aarti is in the same hospital, after being gang-raped and assaulted. This incident makes headlines in the media, and is also a subject of discussion by politicians during their election campaign. Vikas feels haunted by this incident, and does not know how to act further. Aarti, on the other hand, has been completely traumatised, and is unable to trust any male. Now the couple faces a serious crisis leading to a loveless relationship, and only a miracle can bring the old spark back into their married life.


== Cast ==
Vinod Mehra as Vikas Chandra
Rekha as Aarti Chandra
Prema Narayan as Aarti's friend
Asit Sen as Chattterjee
Dinesh Thakur as Doctor
Asrani as Police Inspector
Madan Puri as Vikas' Father


== Awards ==
Won, Filmfare Best Story Award - Dinesh Thakur
Nominated, Filmfare Best Actress Award - Rekha


== Music ==
The soundtrack of the film contains 6 songs. The music is composed by R.D. Burman, with lyrics by Gulzar.
the song, "Phir Wohi Raat Hain", is inspired by the Carpenters' song "Sing".


== References ==


== External links ==
Ghar on IMDb





John of Eversden or Everisden, (fl. 1300), was an English chronicler.


== Life ==
John was presumably a native of one of the two villages of that name near Caxton, Cambridgeshire. He entered the Benedictine order, having been tonsured in 1255, and became a member of the Bury St Edmunds Abbey. He was cellarer there in 1300, when he made a "valida expedition" into Northamptonshire to carry out a claim of his monastery on the manor of Werketon (Warkton).
In the following year, 1 June, he is mentioned in a bull of Boniface VIII confirming the election of Abbot Thomas, and in January 1307 he attended the Parliament at Carlisle as proctor for his abbot. Nothing further is known of his life, and although for centuries he was remembered as a chronicler, his chief work was published merely as a continuation of the work done on the Chronicon ex chronicis by Florence of Worcester, without a suspicion of its authorship, except that it was apparently written by some one connected with Bury.


== Manuscripts ==
The current edition was taken from a manuscript at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, No. 92, which stopped short at 1295. Another manuscript, mentioned by older biographers of Eversden, is preserved in the College of Arms (Norfolk MS. 30), and extends as far as 1296 in one handwriting; it is thence continued until 1301, after which date there is a break until 1313, "when a few slight notices occur, 1334, in another hand, and in a third an entry of 1382"  The inference is that the work of Eversden himself ended in 1301, if not in 1296, and this chronicle is only original for the last portion. Down to 1152 it is a transcript of Henry of Huntingdon and his continuator, and thenceforth to 1265 it is a transcript of John de Taxster, likewise a monk of St. Edmunds. The chronicle thus only possesses an independent value for the last thirty-six years; but during these years the work of Eversden seems to have been in considerable demand, since it was evidently borrowed and largely made use of both by Bartholomew Cotton and John of Oxnead. Some considerable extracts made from Eversden by Richard James are preserved in the Bodleian Library (James MS. vii. ff. 58–73).


== Other works ==
Besides this main chronicle, which bears the title Series temporum ab initio mundi,  Eversden was the author of Regna pristina Angliæ et eorum episcopatus, a list of names compiled about 1270, and preserved in manuscript at the College of Arms. To these writings Bale adds Concordantiæ divinæ Historiæ, Legum Medulla (poems)  and Concordia Decretorum.


== References ==

 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: "Eversden, John of". Dictionary of National Biography. London: Smith, Elder & Co. 1885–1900.





Roebuck, referencing Roebuck (2004), defines entrepreneurial leadership as "organizing a group of people to achieve a common goal using proactive entrepreneurial behavior by optimising risk, innovating to take advantage of opportunities, taking personal responsibility and managing change within a dynamic environment for the benefit of [an] organisation".Such leadership aims to cultivate entrepreneurial individuals and teams that fully leverage their  creative potential in  creating value for an organisation. Entrepreneurial leadership does this by employing leadership practices that "develop the ability in employees to  self-generate,  self-reflect, and  self-correct in their workplace".Entrepreneurial leadership is effectively using the skills associated with successful individual entrepreneurs and applying those within the environment of a larger organisation. This especially means within an organisation where those skills have been lost and replaced with a  "corporate" mindset that focuses on  process, systems and risk minimisation rather than on entrepreneurial behaviour.


== Definitions and theories ==
Other definitions of entrepreneurial leadership have also emerged:
An entrepreneurial leader will proactively identify opportunities to gain advantage through creativity, innovation and market understanding and then hoion and the customer.j


== Attributes of an entrepreneurial leader ==
The entrepreneurial leader will work within a formalised organisational structure, but use the approaches normally expected of an entrepreneur to identify opportunities. Once an opportunity has been identified, they work towards creating a value proposition which will enable a rapid testing of their key assumptions. Next to an effective management of risk (rather than the minimisation of risk often sought within corporate environments), they are required to operate with contextual awareness in order to create a value proposition that delivers value to the customer while taking into account the organisational requirements and strategic aims. The entrepreneurial leader must have the ability to learn fast and within environments of ambiguity and change, while providing clarity and coherence for those around them.The entrepreneurial leader takes responsibility for their actions and those actions must be more proactive than reactive. They think about achieving organisational outcomes in an innovative way and working with a diverse group of people and resources to achieve these goals.


== Notable examples ==
Perhaps the best known and most widely considered example of an entrepreneurial leader is Steve Jobs, but there are many real life examples in the world of business and other industries, such as Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos and Richard Branson.


== History ==
The search for the characteristics or traits of leaders has been ongoing for centuries. History's greatest philosophical writings from Plato's Republic to Plutarch's Lives have explored the question "What qualities distinguish an individual as a leader?". Underlying this search was the early recognition of the importance of leadership and the assumption that leadership is rooted in the characteristics that certain individuals possess. This idea that leadership is based on individual attributes is known as the "trait theory of leadership".
The concept of entrepreneurial leadership was introduced in 2000 by McGrath and MacMillan who suggested that in dynamic markets where there is increased uncertainty and competitive pressure a new type of leader is required. They described this as the "entrepreneurial leader". These fast changing markets or situations give those with an "entrepreneurial" approach the ability to exploit opportunities to gain advantage for their organisation faster than others.A number of organisations have sought to develop the concept of entrepreneurial leadership within the business world. A good example is UBS, the global bank, which in the period 2002 to 2006 proactively developed entrepreneurial leadership amongst its top 500 leaders. The success of this was demonstrated by improvements in individual, team and financial performance, the project becoming a key element in the Harvard Business School Case study, "UBS Aligning the Integrated firm". The bank was subsequently awarded the title Best Company for Leaders (Europe) 2005. The implementation of this project over a multi divisional bank spread globally was complex and took a number of years. This is reviewed in a case study by Chris Roebuck, Visiting Professor of Transformational Leadership at Cass Business School in London. Roebuck was one of the leaders of the team who implemented entrepreneurial leadership in UBS.
The principles of entrepreneurial leadership can be applied to a number of sectors and to a wide variety of organisations. The success of this approach has confirmed the compatibility of entrepreneurial leadership to the majority of organisations seeking to improve client/customer service and overall performance.
Prof Chris Roebuck notes that in recent examples of applying entrepreneurial leadership to organisations, the link to employee engagement has increasingly become as a key success factor. This has also allowed development of the concept of entrepreneurial support functions, such as Entrepreneurial HR and Entrepreneurial IT, to support the customer or client facing parts of organisations.Entrepreneurial Leadership is not so much a style of leadership as a focus of leadership and employees' efforts on specific actions that either maximise the effectiveness of service delivery currently or seek to improve it in the future.


== Styles of leadership ==
Leadership style refers to a leader's behavior. It is the result of the philosophy, personality, and experience of the leader. Rhetoric specialists have also developed models for understanding leadership (Robert Hariman, Political Style, Philippe-Joseph Salazar, L'Hyperpolitique. Technologies politiques De La Domination).


=== Participative or democratic style ===
The democratic leadership style favors decision-making by the group. Such a leader gives instructions after consulting the group. They can win the cooperation of their group and can motivate them effectively and positively. The decisions of the democratic leader are not unilateral as with the autocrat because they arise from consultation with the group members and participation by them.


=== Autocratic or authoritarian style ===
Under the autocratic leadership style, all decision-making powers are centralized in the leader, as with dictators.
Leaders do not entertain any suggestions or initiatives from subordinates. The autocratic management has been successful as it provides strong motivation to the manager. It permits quick decision-making, as only one person decides for the whole group and keeps each decision to him/herself until he/she feels it needs to be shared with the rest of the group.


== See also ==


=== Other types and theories ===


=== Contexts ===


=== Related articles ===


== References ==





Snarøya is a populated peninsula in the inner Oslofjord in Norway. It belongs to Bærum municipality in Akershus county. It is located south of the districts Lysaker, Lagåsen and Fornebu, and has 2,940 inhabitants.


== History ==
Its name is derived from the word snar, meaning thicket or brushy terrain. The suffix -øya refers to the fact that the peninsula was an island until the nineteenth century.It is unclear when the island was first settled, but the manor Snarøen is known from historical sources. In 1616 the manor was registered as crown land, but it later became privately owned. It comprised the entire island.The theologist Christian Kølle, who owned the manor from 1770 and 1803, contributed to history as he published the topographical pamphlet Kort Beskrivelse over Snarøen, en liten Gaard ved Christiania in 1792. His daughter Catharine Hermine Kølle, born at Snarøya, is known as the first female painter in Norway.In 1867 the manor was bought by a Valentin Fürst, who transformed it into a sawmill. The sawmill was closed in 1907, and at the same time much of the surrounding land was parcelled out into lots for single-owner homes and cottages. In 1923 the manor itself was bought by Mario Caprino, father of the noted film director and writer Ivo Caprino. In 1952 it was rebuilt into a film studio, Caprino Studios.


== Demographics ==
As of 31 December 2007 the district Snarøya had 2,940 inhabitants. This places Snarøya among the lesser populated districts in Bærum. However, the population is increasing, having been 2,748 in 2001. The age distribution was 28.2% who were 19 years or younger, 8.8% from 20 to 29, 28.7% from 30 to 49, 23.3% from 50 to 66 and 11.0% who were 67 years of age or older.


== Culture ==
Snarøya has a primary school with 326 pupils. The secondary school is located at Hundsund at Fornebu.Snarøya formerly had its own library, as a branch of the municipal public library service. This was discontinued on December 1988.


== Sport ==
The local multi-sports team, Snarøya SK, was founded on 1 July 1920. It has sections for association football, bandy and team handball. It has two fields with artificial grass, one of which is turned into a bandy field during the winter.[1] The district also has a tennis club, Snarøya TK, which Norway's No. 1 Casper Ruud represents, as well as a curling club, Snarøya CC.


== Politics ==
As a district of Bærum, Snarøya is not self-governed, but elects members to the municipal council. Representatives to the municipal council are elected through a party-list proportional representation system with plural member constituencies. As such, the entire municipality is a single constituency. Snarøya is one of several sub-constituencies within the municipality, meaning that each sub-constituency has its own polling station, for accessibility purposes.
In national elections, the sub-constituency Snarøya contributes towards the total vote in the county, not the municipality. Similarly, the party lists consist of candidates from different parts of the county.
The recent electoral results for Snarøya are as follows:


== Transportation ==
Located south of the district Fornebu, Snarøya was served by Oslo Airport, Fornebu from 1939 until the airport was closed in 1998.
Snarøya is not accessible by railway, although a branch line from the Lilleaker Line was proposed in 1919. Instead, it is served by bus, line 31 in the Greater Oslo transportation network. The bus service has been operated since 1921, and was the basis for the first permanent residential areas. Other than that, private cars are prevalent, though bicycles are also used. The peninsula is also accessible by boat.


== References ==

Further readingKølle, Christian (1792). Kort Beskrivelse over Snarøen, en liten Gaard ved Christiania. Christiania.
Werenskiold, Werner (1911). Fornebolandet og Snarøen i Østre Bærum. Kristiania: Aschehoug.
Eggen, Arnljot (1960). Snarøya før og nå. Snarøya: Snarøen Vel.
Harald Bjelvin (ed.) (2004). Snarøya mot et nytt århundre. Snarøya: Snarøen Vel. ISBN 82-303-0245-6.CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
Blindheim, Terje; Olsen, Kjell Magne (15 November 2006). "Status for naturverdier på Fornebu og Snarøya 2006 med særskilte vurderinger av utbygging nord for Hundsund" (PDF). BioFokus. ISSN 1501-0708.





Seal Island is a small island off the northwest coast of Anguilla.  It is located some two kilometres to the east of the Prickly Pear Cays at 18° 16' N, 63° 9' W, and lies at the centre of the Seal island Reef System Marine Park. 
The area is popular with scuba divers.  A reef lying between the island and Anguilla can make access more difficult.


== References ==





Stilla is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae.


== Species ==
Species within the genus Stilla include:

Stilla anomala Powell, 1955
Stilla delicatula Powell, 1927
Stilla fiordlandica Fleming C., 1948
Stilla flexicostata (Suter, 1899)
Stilla paucicostata Powell, 1937


== References ==

Bouchet P., Kantor Yu.I., Sysoev A. & Puillandre N. (2011) A new operational classification of the Conoidea. Journal of Molluscan Studies 77: 273-308.





The OneTax is a tax reform plan and proposed amendment to the United States Constitution that eliminates the federal income tax for all individuals earning less than $215,870. The OneTax is described as revenue-neutral, which means that it compensates for lost revenue from the income tax by closing loopholes and eliminating tax expenditures in the current income tax system.


== Background ==
The current United States income tax system imposes higher costs of tax compliance than any other country, with direct costs exceeding $460 billion, and indirect deadweight loss costs of over $1.2 trillion. As this figure was calculated in 2004, it is likely that the actual current deadweight loss caused by the income tax is more than $1.4 trillion. As a national sales would create comparable deadweight loss, tax reform plans like OneTax aim to reduce or eliminate income tax compliance costs without instituting a national sales tax.


== History ==
The OneTax and plans like it were first created in the 1990s by policy wonks outside the Beltway, seeking to put forward a tax simplification plan that wasn't regressive. At the time, the major tax reform proposals were the FairTax and flat tax, both of which are regressive with regards to income. The first recorded mention of this reform by a political candidate for national office was at a "Town Hall" campaign event held in Smithfield, Rhode Island in 2002. In 2011, the Republican Presidential Primary race brought tax reform proposals to the fore. In addition, discussion of the plan as a way to eliminate the income tax for "the 99%" was a topic of the Occupy Movement.


== Implementation ==
The core piece of the reform is a proposed Constitutional Amendment which repeals the Sixteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, but carves out taxes on income to remain in place for two specifically defined ways:
1. The United States federal government may tax income on those individuals earning more than ten times the per capita income as determined by the most recent census.
2. The United States federal government may continue to collect a payroll tax on all workers, the proceeds of which are earmarked for exclusive transfer to, or provision of health care benefits for, those persons aged 65 or older.


== Effects ==
The primary effect is the elimination of the present personal income tax system and the elimination of 97.6% of all personal income tax compliance costs, and the elimination of more than 96% of the current deadweight loss. These two items are predicted to create an immediate boost of more than $2.1 trillion to the lagging U.S. economy.


== Controversy ==
It is not in dispute that the OneTax will lead to higher effective tax rates for higher-income individuals (or it will lead to significantly lower federal spending). Many opponents of such tax changes argue that the country's highest income earners are the economy's "job creators". These opponents claim that taxing wealthy individuals at a higher rates will discourage job creation.
Others argue that the current low rate of tax on capital gains encourages investment and is necessary for the long-term stability and growth of the United States and world economy. Meanwhile, still others, such as Warren Buffett claim that higher tax rates on the rich do not discourage investment and growth.


== Revenue neutrality and effective tax rate ==
The conservative Media Research Center argues that the OneTax cannot be revenue neutral without raising the top marginal income tax rate above 39.6%. According to the MRC, total income tax collected (not including payroll tax) in 2009 was $867 billion. The total taxable income for those making $200,000 or greater was $1.663 trillion.  Therefore, to remain revenue neutral, shifting the income tax to those earning more than $200,000 would require an effective rate of 52%.  The total taxable income for those making $200,000 or less is $3.46 trillion.This criticism by the MRC does not address the argument that $1.1 trillion in additional annual revenue could be generated by closing loopholes and eliminating tax expenditures. Eliminating just 19% of these tax expenditures would raise the same revenue without raising the top marginal tax rate, and eliminating income taxes on all earnings below $200,000.
Additionally, fewer than 30% of Americans realize that the payroll tax generates almost as much federal revenue as the income tax. Currently, all earnings above $106,000 are exempt from the payroll tax, meaning that the majority of federal taxes collected on the middle class are collected through a regressive tax. Eliminating this exemption raises the highest effective marginal tax rate (combining both income taxes and payroll taxes) to about 48%. This is similar to the effective tax rate currently paid by small business owners with incomes below $150,000. This change, combined with the elimination of other exemptions, it is argued, allows the OneTax to remain revenue neutral despite eliminating income tax filing for more than 98% of American households.


== See also ==
Excess burden of taxation
FairTax
Flat tax
Land value tax
Occupy movement
Optimal tax
Single tax
Tax reform
9-9-9 plan


== References ==


== External links ==





Zur occurs five times in the King James Bible as the name of various people and a state.

The first mention is in Numbers 25:15. This is the pericope where Numbers 25:1 tells us that Israel abode in Shittim, and the people began to commit whoredom with the daughters of Moab:And the name of the Midianitish woman that was slain was Cozbi, the daughter of Zur; he was head over a people, and of a chief house in Midian.The second mention is Numbers 31:8-31:9. Here, the nation of Israel is warring against the Midianites, and a body-count is given:And they slew the kings of Midian, beside the rest of them that were slain; namely, Evi, and Rekem, and Zur, and Hur, and Reba, five kings of Midian: Balaam also the son of Beor they slew with the sword.
And the children of Israel took all the women of Midian captives, and their little ones, and took the spoil of all their cattle, and all their flocks, and all their goods.The third mention is a recapitulation of the second, at the pericope of Joshua's death-scene, Joshua 13:21:And all the cities of the plain, and all the kingdom of Sihon king of the Amorites, which reigned in Heshbon, whom Moses smote with the princes of Midian, Evi, and Rekem, and Zur , and Hur, and Reba, which were dukes of Sihon, dwelling in the country.The fourth mention is in the begats at 1 Chronicles 8:30:And his firstborn son Abdon, and Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and NadabThe fifth mention is about the servers at the temple, 1 Chronicles 9:35-9:36:And in Gibeon dwelt the father of Gibeon, Jehiel, whose wife's name was Maachah:
And his firstborn son Abdon, then Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Ner, and Nadab.





Derventa (Serbian Cyrillic: Дервента) is a town and municipality located in Republika Srpska, an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is situated in the Posavina region, northwest of Doboj. As of 2013, the town has a population of 12,680 inhabitants, while the municipality has 27,404 inhabitants.


== Geography ==
The Derventa municipality borders with Brod, Modriča, Doboj, Stanari, Prnjavor and Srbac, as well as Croatia across the Sava river. It has an area of 517 km2 (200 sq mi) and includes 57 villages in addition to the actual town of Derventa.
The town of Derventa lies on the river Ukrina, and roads lead from it to Brod, Kotorsko (Doboj), Prnjavor (Banja Luka) and Srbac.
The town has a suburb called Derventski Lug which has grown substantially in recent years due to growth of Municipality.


== History ==
From 1929 to 1939, Derventa was part of the Vrbas Banovina and from 1939 to 1941 of the Banovina of Croatia within the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.


== Settlements ==
Aside from the town of Derventa, the following settlements comprise the municipality:


== Demographics ==
According to the 2013 census results, it has a population of 27,404 inhabitants. The most recent census in the country was carried out between 1–15 October 2013. It was the first census in the country since the Bosnian War.


=== Ethnic groups ===
The ethnic composition of the municipality:


== Economy ==
The following table gives a preview of total number of registred employed people per their core activity (as of 2016):


== Sports ==
The most popular sport in Derventa is football and the city has a long footballing tradition. Derventa's first football club was formed in 1919 under the name FK Dečko. Several other sports associations formed in Derventa prior to the outbreak of the Second World War. The war caused the dissolution of all previous clubs in Derventa and the formation of FK Tekstilac, who merged with FK Dečko. FK Tekstilac still competes today in the First League of the Republika Srpska and its home ground is Gradski Stadion FK Tekstilac, which has an attendance capacity of around 500 spectators. Derventa's most successful sports team is RK Derventa, which currently competes in the Premier league of Bosnia and Herzegovina for handball, which is the nation's top professional handball division. Derventa is known throughout the region for its tradition of handball excellence, creating many great players as well as having a very successful club given that it is such a small city.


== Gallery ==

		


== Notable people ==
Zvonimir Grabovac (a.k.a. Janje), football player


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website





Thirteen Senses are a post-Britpop band from Penzance, Cornwall. The group released the album The Invitation on 27 September 2004, along with several singles: "Thru the Glass", "Do No Wrong", "Into the Fire" and "The Salt Wound Routine", of which the first three have reached the UK Top 40. Their second album, Contact, was released in April 2007. Thirteen Senses are the only Cornish band to have a Top 20 single.


== Band members ==
Will South (vocals, piano, guitar)
Tom Welham (guitar, vocals)
Adam Wilson (bass guitar)
Brendon James (drums, percussion)


== History ==
Thirteen Senses started out as Soul Magician, that began in school when Will South started writing songs which he showed Adam Wilson. He in turn liked the songs and left the other band he was in at the time. Soul Magician took off when South and Wilson met Tom Welham. The latter knew Brendon James and they all became friends.
In 2002 Soul Magician released an EP, Inside A Healing Mind, which was produced by Leon Phillips. It consisted of four tracks, one of which was later released as a B-side. "Attracting Submission" is found on the "Do No Wrong" 7" vinyl. After that came in 2002 the No Other Life Is Attractive EP: the first Thirteen Senses release, produced by Dare Mason. This had five tracks. Four of them have been released as B-sides, the exception being "Sound". They then issued in 2003, Falls In The Dark, a self-released and independent demo album.
The band's next release and major label debut album was The Invitation. This consisted of twelve tracks and reached number 14 in the UK Albums Chart on its re-release.
At the beginning of 2004, and before The Invitation, Thirteen Senses released their first single, "Thru the Glass". This was released on both CD and 7" vinyl. The B-side was identical on both releases: "No Other Life Is Attractive". Later, the next single was "Do No Wrong" and it reached number 38 in the official UK Singles Chart. To promote it, Thirteen Senses went on tour, including a homecoming gig at the Hall for Cornwall in Truro.
The third single from the band was "Into the Fire". This was also released on two CDs and vinyl "Into The Fire" was used on BBC One's Match of the Day. After this came a re-release of "Thru the Glass" which broke the group into the UK Top 20.The band toured both in the UK and Europe in 2005 and made several appearances at festivals such as Glastonbury, T in the Park and V Festival.
The band spent much of the latter part of 2005 and early 2006 in the recording studio, working on their next album, Contact. It was released on 2 April 2007. It was originally planned to be released in February 2007 but after playing three pre-album gigs at The Luminaire in London (on the thirteenth of the months of October, November and December), the band produced new tracks. "Talking to Sirens", one of the new tracks from Contact, was only played at the last gig. Due to the new album release date, their UK tour was rescheduled for March.
On 28 August 2007 Thirteen Senses announced through their website that they had begun recording their third album, and between April–July 2008 they previewed samples of 8 demo recordings on their MySpace page.  After several months without official contact from the band, on 28 May 2009, Brendon James announced that their third studio album was close to completion and it would, "all being well, be released within the next 2-3 months".On 16 March 2010 the band made their third album, "Crystal Sounds" available to stream on their website, www.thirteensenses.com. A day later they announced this on their MySpace page and said the album would be available to stream "for a limited time".  The physical version of "Crystal Sounds" was released on 21 February 2011 with four tracks not featured on the early release.
On 27 February 2013, the band announced via Facebook and Twitter that "work on a new album is reaching its conclusion... more news coming soon...!"
And on 6 February 2014, the band announced via Facebook and Twitter that the new album "A Strange Encounter" was released on 5 May 2014.


== Discography ==


=== Albums ===
The Invitation (27 September 2004) Mercury #14 UK
Contact (2 April 2007)  Mercury #76 UK
Crystal Sounds (21 February 2011) B-Sirius
A Strange Encounter (5 May 2014) B-Sirius


=== EPs & Demo Albums ===
Inside A Healing Mind EP (2002)(As Soul Magician)

Glow – 4:27
Bittersweet – 4:17
Attracting Submission – 2:04
The Spring – 3:50No Other Life Is Attractive EP (December 2002)No Other Life Is Attractive – 5:47
Little Unrest – 5:39
The Questions – 5:02
Sound – 7:34
Falling To The Ground – 6:36Falls In The Dark Demo Album (April 2003)


=== Singles ===


== Videography ==
Thru The Glass [first version] (2004)
Do No Wrong (2004)
Into The Fire (2004)
Thru The Glass [second version] (2005)
Thru The Glass [alternative version] (2005)
The Salt Wound Routine (2005)
All The Love In Your Hands (2007)
Follow Me (2007)
The Loneliest Star (2011)
Home (2011)


== Songs in other media ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Official site
lewisslade.com/thirteensenses
Thirteen Senses discography at Discogs
Thirteen Senses at MusicBrainz





Willie "Two-Knife" Altieri (March 4, 1891-October 1970?) was a New York gangster who served as the chief enforcer for Frankie Yale's Italian-American "Black-Hand" gang, one of the most powerful criminal organizations in 1920s New York City. He got his nickname after his preferred method of dispatching a victim. Willie had killed dozens of rival gangsters during the 1920s and was considered an important figure in the "Black-Hand" gang.


== Background ==
Little background information is known about Altieri, including his date of birth, background, or how he died although it is known that an attempted assassination by Pegleg Lonergan led to "Willie" jumping through a window, narrowly escaping death. He was described as standing 5 feet 7 inches, weighing 170 pounds, and having blond hair and blue eyes. Altierri's hands were described as "soft", like a woman's, and he would often be found using his knives to clean his fingernails. Altierri was known for preferring to dispatch his victims via the use of two knives, which he kept in leather scabbards around his waist. His passion was so great for these weapons that he would apparently even sleep with the knives still on his person.


== Criminal career ==
Mob boss Yale used Altierri on many occasions to commit murders. In 1919, Yale sent Altierri to silence an informer within the gang. Altierri stabbed the informer in the torso with both knives, then broke off blades in the victim's body. Altierri later presented the handles to Yale, who mounted them on a plaque and hung it up in his office. 
At one point, Altieri himself narrowly avoided being assassinated. The White Hand gang tried to kill Altieri because they suspected he was responsible for killing gang member Petey Behan. However, the White Hand hitmen accidentally killed Angelo Gibaldi, the father of Vincenzo Gibaldi. Vincenzo Gibaldi later became famous as a Capone Gunman and a chief organizer of the Saint Valentine's Day massacre by another name, Jack "Machine Gun Jack" McGurn. In retaliation, Gibaldi with Frankie Yale's consent killed the three hitmen responsible and thus avenged his father's death.


== Yale murder ==
On July 1, 1928, Yale was murdered on the streets of Brooklyn. His killing was reportedly due to a falling out with Chicago mob boss Al Capone, Yale's former underling. After Yale's murder, Altieri slipped into obscurity.
Very little is known as to the whereabouts of Willie "Two-Knife" Altieri after the murder of Frankie Yale in 1928.


== References ==
Balsamo, William and Carpozi, George Jr. Crime Incorporated True Crime; New Ed edition (February 18, 1993) ISBN 0-86369-647-3





Phrynichus Arabius (; Greek: Φρύνιχος ὁ Ἀράβιος) or Phrynichus of Bithynia (Greek: Φρύνιχος ὁ Βιθυνός) was a Greek grammarian who flourished in 2nd century Bithynia, writing works on proper Attic usage. His name is also transliterated as Phrynichos or Phrynikhos.


== Life ==
The Suda states:

Φρύνιχος, Βιθυνός, σοφιστής. Ἀττικιστὴν ὑπ' Ἀττικῶν ὀνομάτων βιβλία β#, Τιθεμένων συναγωγήν, Σοφιστικῆς παρασκευῆς βιβλία μζ#, οἱ δὲ οδ#. "Phrynichus of Bithynia, sophist. He wrote
Atticist, or On Attic Words (Ἀττικῶν ὀνομάτων) in two books;
Collection of Usages (Τιθεμένων συναγωγήν)
Sophistic Preparations (Σοφιστικῆς παρασκευῆς (47 books, but some say 74)As models of Attic style Phrynichus assigns the highest place to Plato, Demosthenes, and Aeschines the Socratic. The work was learned, but prolix and garrulous. A fragment contained in a Paris MS. was published by B. de Montfaucon, and by I. Bekker. Another work of Phrynichus, not mentioned by Photius, but perhaps identical with the Atticist mentioned by Suidas, the Selection (Ἐκλογὴ) of Attic Words and Phrases, is extant. It is dedicated to Cornelianus, a man of literary tastes, and one of the imperial secretaries, who had invited the author to undertake the work; it is a collection of current words and forms which deviated from the Old Attic standard, the true Attic equivalents being given side by side. The work is thus a prescriptive and reforming lexicon antibarbarum,  and is interesting as illustrating the changes through which the Greek language had passed between the 4th century B.C. and the 2nd century A.D.Editions of the Eklogê, with valuable notes, have been published by C. A. Lobeck (1820) and W. G. Rutherford (1881); Lobeck devotes his attention chiefly to the later, Rutherford to the earlier usages noticed by Phrynichus. See also J. Brenous, De Phrynicho Atticista (1895).


== Notes ==


== References ==
I. Avotins "The sophist Aristocles and the grammarian Phrynichus", Parola del Passato 33 (1978), 181–91
J. de Borries Phrynichi Sophistae Praeparatio Sophistica (Leipzig 1911)
E. Fischer Die Ekloge des Phrynichos (SGLG 1, Berlin 1974)
 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Phrynichus" . Encyclopædia Britannica. 21 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press.


== External links ==
Phrynichi eclogae nominum et verborum atticorum, Chr. Augus. Lobeck (ed.), Lipsiae, in libraria weidmannia, 1820.
The new Phrynichus, being a revised text of The Ecloga of the grammarian Phrynichus, W. Gunion Rutherford (ed.), London, Macmillan and Co., 1881.





Sun Sijing (Chinese: 孙思敬; born December 1951) is a retired general  of the People's Liberation Army who served as Political Commissar of the People's Armed Police.
Sun Sijing was born in Qingdao, Shandong province. He joined the People's Liberation Army in 1969, and began work as a political liaison in an artillery force. He rose through the ranks serving in mostly political roles - that is, he presumably did not have much combat experience. In 1999 he became political commissar of the PLA's First Medical University, and by October 2002 became political commissar of the 301 Military Hospital, the top hospital of the PLA and often used as a treatment facility for top civilian leaders as well. In 2005 he became deputy political commissar of the Logistics Department. In December 2010 he became political commissar of the Academy of Military Science. In July 2013 he was promoted to the rank of General, the highest non-wartime rank in the PLA. In December 2014 he became political commissar of the People's Armed Police.
Sun was a member of the 17th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection and of the 18th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China.


== References ==





Government Engineering College, Ramanagaram is an engineering college in Karnataka, India.
Affiliated to VTU, Belgaum. and AICTE.
It was founded in 2007, with the interest of government of Karnataka. The chief minister at that time, H. D. Kumaraswamy, personally took an interest in it.
Course information (UG – B.E / B.Tech / B.Arch)

Civil Engineering 60 seats
Mechanical Engineering 60 seats
Electronics & Comm Engineering 60 seats
Computer Science & Engineering 60 seatsInstitute has well trained lecturers appointed by government. Name of Principal:  Dr.G . Pundarika.
It has well transport facility with KSRTC bus called "KENGAL SARIGE" Very often travels between Ramanagaram and Maddur,_Mandyaas government opinion.Selected KSTRC buses provides request stop near the college. The lab facilities in the college is developing considerably over the years. The passed out students from the institution formed Alumni Association and conducting soft and technical skills session to the students. College is also facilitating sports and cultural activities within the college. The college was originally located in a temporary building near Mayaganahalli, Ramanagaram and later in 2009 the college has been shifted to the newly built campus near Janapadaloka, Bangalore Mysore Highway.
With the good amount of faculties the college is emerging as one of the reliable Institution for needy in the surrounding area.





A cyclopentadienyl complex is a metal complex with one or more cyclopentadienyl groups (C5H−5, abbreviated as Cp−). Cyclopentadienyl ligands almost invariable bind to metals as pentahapto (η5-) bonding mode.  The metal–cyclopentadienyl interaction is typically drawn as a single line from the metal center to the center of the Cp ring.


== Examples ==
Biscyclopentadienyl complexes are called metallocenes. A famous example of this type of complex is ferrocene (FeCp2), which has many analogues for other metals, such as chromocene (CrCp2), cobaltocene (CoCp2), and nickelocene (NiCp2). When the Cp rings are mutually parallel the compound is known as a sandwich complex. This area of organometallic chemistry was first developed in the 1950s.  Bent metallocenes are represented by compounds of the type [MCp2Lx].  Some are catalysts for ethylene polymerization. Metallocenes are often thermally stable, and find use as catalysts in various types of reactions.
Mixed-ligand Cp complexes containing Cp ligand and one or more other ligands.  They are more numerous. One widely studied example is the Fp dimer, (Cp2Fe2(CO)4). Monometallic compounds featuring only one Cp ring are often known as half sandwich compounds or as piano stool compounds, one example being cyclopentadienylmanganese tricarbonyl (CpMn(CO)3). 


== Bonding modes ==
All 5 carbon atoms of a Cp ligand are bound to the metal in the vast majority of M–Cp complexes. This bonding mode is called η5-coordination. The M–Cp bonding arises from overlap of the five π molecular orbitals of the Cp ligand with the s, p, and d orbitals on the metal. This π bonding is significant, hence these complexes are referred to as π-complexes. Almost all of the transition metals, that is, group 4 to 10 metals, employ this coordination mode.In relatively rare cases, Cp binds to metals via only one carbon center. These types of interactions are described as σ-complexes because they only have a σ bond between the metal and the cyclopentadienyl group. Typical examples of this type of complex are group 14 metal complexes such as CpSiMe3. An example of both is (Cp2Fe(CO)2)..  It is probable that η1-Cp complexes are intermediates in the formation of η5-Cp complexes. 
Still rarer, the Cp unit can bond to the metal via a three-carbons. In these η3-Cp complexes, the bonding resembles that in allyl ligands. Such complexes, sometimes called "slipped Cp complexes", are invoked as intermediates in ring slipping reactions.


== Synthesis of Cp complexes ==
The compounds are generally prepared by salt metathesis reactions of alkali-metal cyclopentadienyl compounds with transition metal chlorides.  Sodium cyclopentadienide (NaCp) and lithium cyclopentadienide are commonly used.  Trimethylsilylcyclopentadiene cyclopentadienylthallium (CpTl) are alternative sources.  For the preparation of some particularly robust complexes, e.g. nickelocene, cyclopentadiene is employed in the presence of a conventional base such as KOH. When only a single Cp ligand is installed, the other ligands typically carbonyl, halogen, alkyl, and hydride.
Most Cp complexes are prepared by substitution of preformed Cp complexes by replacement of halide, CO, and other simple ligands.


== Variations of Cp complexes ==
Variations of Cyclopentadienyl complexes
		
		
		


=== Ansa Cp ligands ===

A pair of cyclopentadienyl ligands can be covalently linked giving rise to so-call ansa metallocenes.  The angle between the two Cp rings is fixed.  Rotation of the rings about the metal-centroid axis is stopped as well.  A related class of derivatives give rise to the constrained geometry complexes.  In these cases, a Cp ligand as linked to a non-Cp ligand.  Such complexes have been commercialized for the production of polypropylene.


=== Cp* complexes ===
Pentamethylcyclopentadiene gives rise to pentamethylcyclopentadienyl complexes.  These ligands are bulkier and more basic, which results in distinctive properties.


=== Constrained geometry complexes ===

Constrained geometry complexes are related to ansa-metallocenes except that one ligand is not Cp-related.


== Applications ==
Cp metal complexes are mainly used as stoichiometric reagents in chemical research. Ferrocenium reagents are oxidants. Cobaltocene is a strong, soluble reductant.
Derivatives of Cp2TiCl2 and Cp2ZrCl2 are the basis of some reagents in organic synthesis. Upon treatment with aluminoxane, these dihalides give catalysts for olefin polymerization. Such species are called Kaminsky-type catalysts.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Yamamoto, A. (1986). Organotransition Metal Chemistry: Fundamental Concepts and Applications. New York, NY: Wiley-Interscience. p. 105.
Shriver, D.; Atkins, P. W. (1999). Inorganic Chemistry. New York, NY: W. H. Freeman.
King, R. B.; Bisnette, M. B. (1967). "Organometallic chemistry of the transition metals XXI. Some π-pentamethylcyclopentadienyl derivatives of various transition metals". J. Organomet. Chem. 8: 287–297. doi:10.1016/S0022-328X(00)91042-8. [Initial examples of the synthesis of Cp*-metal complexes]





Bruce Frank Vento (October 7, 1940 – October 10, 2000) was an American politician, a Democratic-Farmer-Labor member of the United States House of Representatives from 1977 until his death in 2000, representing Minnesota's 4th congressional district.


== Early life ==
Vento was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota, and was educated at the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis, where he received his BA in 1961. He later, in 1965, received a B.S with honors, from the University of Wisconsin. He was a public school teacher in Minneapolis, Minnesota prior to entering politics. Vento's fraternal nephew is Lino Rulli ("The Catholic Guy").


== Career ==
Vento served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1971 until 1976 before entering the House.
Vento is recognized for his efforts in cleaning the environment and promoting affordable housing. He is also widely known for the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act of 1986, which provides federal money for shelter programs. He died in 2000 while still a member of Congress from pleural mesothelioma, a rare form of lung cancer, as a result of exposure to asbestos. He died shortly before the 2000 election, in which he was not running for another term, so no special election or new candidates were needed to replace him.


== Honors ==
The Bruce Vento Regional Trail runs through St. Paul, Minnesota.  Along this path, by the Johnson Parkway just north of Phalen Avenue, a memorial grove has also been named in his honor. The Bruce Vento Nature Sanctuary, a former railroad yard and informal trash dumping area in Lowertown St. Paul is also named for the Congressman, who lived nearby and supported this model reclamation project. East Consolidated Elementary School in St. Paul was renamed Bruce Vento Elementary School in 2000.


== Hmong Veterans' Naturalization Act ==
Vento introduced the first bill in the US Congress to grant honorary U.S. citizenship to Laotian and Hmong veterans who served in the "U.S. Secret Army" in Laos during the Vietnam War.  The legislation, the Hmong Veterans' Naturalization Act of 2000 was passed by the House and Senate following his death and signed into law by President Bill Clinton.  Vento worked with the Lao Veterans of America, the Lao Veterans of America Institute, the Center for Public Policy Analysis and others to research and advance the legislation in Congress, Washington, D.C., and the Lao- and Hmong-American community.  Vento worked with Hmong elders and community leaders in the Twin Cities and across the United States, including Cherzong Vang, Colonel Wangyee Vang and others to build support for the legislation which took over 10 years to gain the bipartisan support for passage on Capitol Hill, Congress and the White House.


== See also ==
List of United States Congress members who died in office (2000–)


== References ==


== Links ==
Minnesota Legislators Past and Present
The Bruce Vento Papers, including extensive records of his congressional service, are available for research use at the Minnesota Historical Society.
Bruce Vento Elementary School History
Appearances on C-SPAN





Central Coast Regional District is a regional district in British Columbia, Canada. It has a total land area of 24,559.5 km² (9,482.5 sq mi).  When it was created in 1968, it was named Ocean Falls Regional District, after the then-largest town in the region, the company town of Ocean Falls, which has since become a ghost town.  The district name was confirmed in 1974, but changed to Central Coast Regional District in 1976.


== Description ==
Population (2016): 3,319
Population (2011):  3,206
Population (2006):  3,189
Population (2001):  3,781The Central Coast Regional District (CCRD) is unique in the province in that it has no incorporated municipalities within its borders.  The Regional District has five Electoral Areas, each of which elect a single director to the District's Board of Directors.  According to the 2001 Census, the populations of the electoral areas are:


== References ==

Community Profile: Central Coast Regional District, British Columbia; Statistics Canada


== External links ==
Central Coast Regional District Webpage
Vancouver Coastal Health
"Central Coast Regional District". BC Geographical Names.





"La Rompe Corazones" (English: "The Heartbreaker") is a single by Puerto Rican rapper Daddy Yankee featuring Puerto Rican singer Ozuna from his upcoming studio album El Disco Duro. A music video directed by Nuno Gómes was published on June 6, 2017. The song was written by Daddy Yankee, Ozuna, Jesús Benítez, and Carlos Ortíz, and was produced by Chris Jeday and Gaby Music. "La Rompe Corazones" peaked at number 12 on the US Hot Latin Songs chart.


== Background and release ==
"La Rompe Corazones" was written by Daddy Yankee, Ozuna, Jesús "Benny Benni" Benítez, and Carlos "Chris Jeday" Ortíz, and was produced by Puerto Rican record producers Chris Jeday and Gaby Music. Daddy Yankee and Ozuna had previously worked on a remix version of the latter's "No Quiere Enamorarse", digitally released on March 24, 2016, which peaked at number 35 on the US Hot Latin Songs chart.The song's official audio was published on Daddy Yankee's YouTube account on January 6, 2017 as a gift to his fans for Epiphany. It was released on digital stores on January 20, 2017 by his label El Cartel Records under exclusive license to Universal Music Latin.


== Composition ==
Daddy Yankee stated that the song "is the story of a lovesick woman who no longer trusts her relationships. On the contrary, her mission is now to avenge herself through the frustration of all those men she decides to be. She always has doubts. She wants to fall in love, but she does not do it because of that memory that was captured on her. We wanted to highlight the well-calculated side of women."


== Commercial performance ==
In the United States, "La Rompe Corazones" debuted at number 15 on the US Latin Rhythm Digital Song Sales chart on February 11, 2017. Two months later, the single debuted at number 46 on the US Hot Latin Songs chart on April 15, 2017 and peaked at number 12 on July 22, 2017. It was the 21st best-performing song of 2017 on Hot Latin Songs, as well as the 47th best-selling and the 14th most-played Latin song of the year in the United States. "La Rompe Corazones" also became the 30th most-played radio song of 2017 across Latin America, with 152,240 spins between the 18 countries Monitor Latino measure.


== Music video ==
The music video for "La Rompe Corazones" was directed by Venezuelan director Nuno Gómes and stars Venezuelan actors Carlos Felipe Álvarez and Yelena Maciel. The clip was scheduled to premier on Daddy Yankee's YouTube account on June 2, 2017 but had to be re-edited on June 1, 2017 due to the platform's change on its content regulations. The visual finally premiered on June 7, 2017.


== Credits and personnel ==
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Jesús Benítez – songwriting
Chris Jeday – producer, songwriting
Gaby Music – producer
Ozuna – songwriting, lead vocals
Daddy Yankee – songwriting, lead vocals


== Charts ==


== Certifications ==


== References ==





Archie N. Romines, Sr. (born c. 1930) was an American politician in the state of Kentucky. He served in the Kentucky House of Representatives as a Democrat from 1973 to 1982.


== References ==





Carlo Alban  (born October 3, 1979) is an Ecuadorian actor, best known as "Carlo" from Sesame Street (1993–98). He grew up in Sayreville, New Jersey and attended Rutgers University, majoring in visual arts. He played the role of Luis "McGrady" Gallego on Prison Break (2007–08). He has since gone on to perform in a variety of mediums, including plays and television shows.


== Early life ==
Alban arrived in the U.S. at the age of 7 with his family on a travel visa.  However, his family intended to stay in the United States despite the potential consequences, living on an expired visa with the risk of deportation always prevalent. When he was 12 he got his first role in Oliver! as the titular character. He then went on to other roles in New York until he was cast on Sesame Street.


=== Sesame Street ===
Alban was on Sesame Street from 1993 to 1998 and during that time his being in the U.S. was against the law.  In response to the reasoning for him being on Sesame Street while lacking proper documentation, he said, "what better place to hide than in the spotlight where no one would suspect you?" During these teenage years Alban had several formative experiences that he later talked about in his play Intringulus, including an instance where upon learning the situation of his immigration, a friend tells him to "get out of my country". This experience was among a collection of similar encounters where Alban experienced a 'snag', the name of his one-man show.


== Career ==


=== Television ===
He has had recurring roles in Strangers with Candy, Thicker Than Blood, and The Tavern. He has guest starred on Law & Order, The Jury, Touched by an Angel,  the HBO prison-themed series Oz, Deadline, Law & Order: Criminal Intent and in Prison Break as Luis "McGrady" Gallego. He played "Birdman" in the film Whip It.


=== Stage ===
Alban has made appearances on the stage, including multiple Off-Broadway shows and an appearance in SWEAT on BroadwayRegional Theatre Productions:
New York Productions:


=== Awards ===
For television, Alban has been nominated for two Young Artist Awards for his work in Touched by an Angel and Thicker Than Blood. He also received a nomination for an ALMA award for his work in Thicker Than Blood, and Thicker Than Blood received an ALMA award for Outstanding Made-For-Television Movie or Mini-Series He has also received the New Dramatists' Charles Bowden Award


=== Sweat ===
Alban is currently starring in SWEAT, the Pulitzer Prize Winner for Drama 2017. SWEAT is currently on Broadway and tackles the issues that a group of friends and coworkers must deal with as their jobs are threatened.


== References ==


== External links ==
Carlo Alban on IMDb





Blidö is an island in the Stockholm archipelago and a part of the Norrtälje Municipality. Its northernmost point is called Kråknäset.
Journalist and author Ture Nerman owned a summer house on Blidö from 1919 until 1969.





Kulim is a state constituency in Kedah, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Kedah State Legislative Assembly.
The ethnic demographics are 61.94% Malay, 20.49% Chinese, 17.20% Indian and 0.36% others.


== References ==
"Keputusan Pilihan Raya Suruhanjaya Pilihan Raya". Election Commission of Malaysia. Retrieved 2016-04-27.





Insys Therapeutics is an American specialty pharmaceutical company based in Chandler, Arizona.


== Products ==
Insys' main product is Subsys, a sublingual spray of fentanyl. The drug fentanyl is a very fast acting and powerful opioid used to relieve peaks of pain in cancer patients.The company also markets Syndros, a synthetic THC, and is actively working toward approval on other cannabis derivatives. Syndros is a prescription medicine used in adults to treat loss of appetite (anorexia) in people with AIDS who have lost weight, as well as nausea and vomiting caused by anti-cancer medicine (chemotherapy) in people whose nausea and vomiting have not improved with usual anti-nausea medicines. Syndros is the first and only FDA-approved (DEA schedule 1) liquid THC formulation, which allows for fast absorption, flexible dosing and a potential solution for patients who may prefer a liquid medication.


== History ==
The company was founded in 1990 by billionaire John Kapoor. Kapoor also served as CEO and president after former CEO Michael Babich was arrested. Kapoor retired from Insys in 2017 and was ultimately replaced by Saeed Motahari.In 2016, the company was ranked No. 52 on the Deloitte Fast 500 North America list.


=== Legal issues ===
Seven former executives and managers employed by Insys were taken into custody by law enforcement on Thursday, December 13, 2016. U.S. Attorney for the District of Massachusetts, Carmen Ortiz, alleges that several former employees of Insys Therapeutics, Inc. - including the once CEO and president of the company - conspired to bribe medical staff in several states to get them to prescribe a specific pain medication.  This was the topic of an NBC special feature report on Megyn Kelly's 'Sunday Night' on Sunday, June 4, 2017.In August 2017, Insys Theraputics was sued by Arizona Attorney General, Mark Brnovich, for misleading patients and doctors about the dangers of the drug Subsys, and for lying to insurers about the condition of the patients in a bid to get payment for the drug. He said the firm deceived insurers and pharmaceutical benefit companies into agreeing to pay for the expensive drug by misleading them to believe that the payment request was coming from a doctor's office and not the company making the drug. Brnovich also said those Insys employees misrepresented the medical conditions of the patients, lying that they had breakthrough pain, lying that the patients had tried other medications, and lying that the patients needed the sublingual spray rather than less expensive pills marketed by other firms because they had difficulty swallowing. Insys Therapeutics issued a response to the Arizona filing on their website, stating, in part, that "[t]he allegations contained in the Arizona Attorney General’s complaint relate to former employees and physicians that are no longer associated with our Company or our speaker bureau."In October 2017, Insys founder John Kapoor was arrested in Arizona and charged with RICO conspiracy, conspiracy to commit wirefraud, and conspiracy to violate the Anti-Kickback Law related to Insys' effort to secure prescriptions of Subsys. Kapoor is also alleged to have conspired to defraud health insurance providers.In December 2018, former Insys CEO Michael Babich agreed to plead guilty to one count of conspiracy and one count of mail fraud, in connection to bribes paid to doctors and their assistants.


=== Political issues ===
In 2016, Insys donated $500,000 to Arizonans for Responsible Drug Policy, a group opposing a marijuana legalization ballot initiative in the state of Arizona. Investor filings confirm the company was concerned about the impact of legalization on sales for a cannabis-based drug it was developing. The reason publicly given for opposing the measure was to "protect children". However, medical marijuana advocates have criticized Insys' position as hypocritical and profit driven as the company has pursued synthetic cannabis derived products.In 2017, US Senator Claire McCaskill released a report and audio recording of an Insys representative allegedly falsely claiming to represent a doctor's office and lying about a patient's diagnosis in order to circumvent prescribing rules for Subsys. The patient later died due to an adverse reaction to her medications.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website





Georges-François Hirsch (born 5 October 1944 in the 14th arrondissement of Paris) is a French stage director.
He is the son of Georges Hirsch (1895–1974), former administrator of the Réunion des théâtres lyriques nationaux. 
He was co-director of the Paris Opéra (1981–1983), general director of the Théâtre des Champs-Élysées in Paris (1983–1990), then director of the Carcassonne Festival in 1989. He was general administrator of the Opéra Bastille at its opening (1989), then of the entire Paris Opera from 1991 to 1992. He was general director of the Orchestre de Paris from 1996 to 2008.
He also holds various administrative positions: member of the Conseil supérieur de l'audiovisuel from 1993 to 1996, director of music, theatre, dance and entertainment at the French ministry of Culture from 2008 to 2010. 
On 13 January 2010 he was appointed first director of the Direction générale de la Création artistique in the same ministry. Michel Orier succeeded him on 1 September 2012.


== References ==


== External links ==
Georges-Francois Hirsch on Dirigeant
Georges-Francois Hirsch on Allgov
Georges-Francois Hirsch on France Culture
Georges- François Hirsch: Il nous faut un grand texte fondateur on La Gazette.fr





The striated laughingthrush (Grammatoptila striatus) is a passerine bird in the family Leiothrichidae. It was at one time placed in the genus Garrulax but following the publication of a comprehensive molecular phylogenetic study in 2018, it was moved to be the only species in the resurrected genus Grammatoptila.It is found in the northern temperate regions of the Indian subcontinent and ranges across Bhutan, India, Myanmar, Tibet and Nepal. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.


== References ==





Ahmed Tawfik Taymour Pasha (1871–1930) was an Egyptian writer and historian. Taymour Pasha was born on 6 November 1871 in Cairo to a family of the Egyptian elite, his father Isma'il Taymur being of Kurdish origin and his mother of Turkish descent.


== Works and Life ==

Isma'il Taymur was a member of the royal entourage of the Muhammad Ali dynasty, which was of Albanian origin.
The family's Turco-Circassian background was common among the Egyptian elite.
Ahmed was educated by his elder sister, Aisha Taymur  (1840–1902), a social activist, poet and novelist,  active in the field of women's rights and her husband Muhammad Tawfiq. For some years, he was a student at the French School, but did not finish it with a degree. He stead home, where he learned Turkish and Persian. Before he reached his 20th birthday, he began his career as a writer. His house became a meeting place for many cultured men of his time who discussed literature, modern sciences and politics.
He was widowed early when his wife died of measles, and he left his family's house in Cairo to the nearby countryside. He focused on the education of his two sons, Muhammad and Mahmoud Taymur, who gained fame as a playwright and, in the case of Mahmoud Taymur, as a novelist. As a wealthy scholar and bibliophile he encouraged their literary pursuits.Aisha had been influenced by the Ottoman age notion of 'pure aesthetics'. Ahmed's outlook was more on the search of a renewed Arab Golden Age, which was common among Egyptian intellectuals after the 1882 British Rule in Egypt. He however as a man of "many letters" pioneered the study of folklore and folkart, including the shadow play tradition, that had spread during the Ottoman period.Taymour Pasha wrote among others, the following six books in Arabic:

A'lam al-muhandisin fi 'l-Islam –Eminent Geometers, (Architects and Artists) in Islam (أعلام المهندسين في الإسلام)
al-Amthal al-'ammiyya – Colloquial Proverbs (الأمثال العامية)
al-Athar an-nabawiyya – The Prophet's Traces (الآثار النبوية)
al-Hubb 'inda 'l-'Arab – Love among Arabs (الحب عند العرب)
Dabt al-a'lam – Survey of Eminent Personalities (ضبط الأعلام)
La'b al-'Arab – Games of the Arabs (لعب العرب)


== Heritage and honors ==
He spent his large inherited fortune mostly on books and scripts. He bequeathed his library of more than 20,000 books to public use to the Egyptian National Library. It contains rare Arabic masterpieces. He was well versed in literature, linguistics and Arab history and a member of the prestigious Arab Academy of Damascus.


== References ==





Jeannette Kavira Mapera (born 8 April 1963) is the current Minister of Culture and Arts in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.  She is a member of the Federalist Christian Democracy-Convention of Federalists for Christian Democracy (DCF-COFEDEC).


== Biography ==
Kavira was born in the eastern city of Bukavu on April 8, 1963.  She attended the University of Kinshasa and graduated with a degree in Economics and International Economics.In the 2006 general election, Kavira was elected to the National Assembly as a delegate of Lubero territory in North Kivu province.She also served briefly as the Deputy Managing Director of Cohydro, a Congolese hydrocarbon company.She took office as Minister of Culture and Arts on 23 February 2010, succeeding Ezra Kambale, the previous Minister.


== Notes ==





Atari Teenage Riot (abbreviated ATR) is a German band formed in Berlin in 1992. The name was taken from a Portuguese Joe song entitled "Teenage Riot" from the album Teen-age Riot, with the word 'Atari' added as an Atari ST computer was used to create compositions. Highly political, they fused anarchist, anti-fascist and anti-Nazi views with punk vocals and the newly emerging techno sound called digital hardcore, which is a term band member Alec Empire used as the name of his record label.


== History ==
The group was founded as an attack on the Neo-Nazi subculture by fusing hardcore punk views with German techno; it consisted of three Berliners—Alec Empire, Hanin Elias and MC Carl Crack. ATR's early releases (which included the track "Hetzjagd Auf Nazis!"/"Hunt Down the Nazis!") were surrounded by controversy in Germany.
After signing to major European label Phonogram Records in 1993, the band received a large financial advance which they duplicitously used to set up their own record label: Digital Hardcore Recordings (DHR). ATR never delivered a commercially viable demo to Phonogram.The major label Intercord signed the group in 1995 for Germany. ATR's record label Digital Hardcore Recordings released the debut album "Delete Yourself!" internationally. In 1996 the Beastie Boys licensed the album and released it in the US with extra songs under the title "Burn Berlin Burn" on their label Grand Royal.
The band toured with Wu-Tang Clan, Rage Against The Machine, Nine Inch Nails, Ministry, Moby and Beck.
In 1996, ATR was joined by Nic Endo, a Japanese-German-American noise/soundscape artist, who played her first live show with ATR in the spring of 1997 during the South by South West festival in Austin, Texas.In 1999, ATR released the album 60 Second Wipe Out, which featured a number of guest artists, including New York City rappers The Arsonists. According to Magnet, "Empire's guitar-playing values speed-thrash malevolence, and when paired with Endo's painful skronkage, the album is decidedly denser than its predecessor".
Elias left ATR at the Brixton Academy show in the winter of 1999. The plan had been to tour with Nine Inch Nails in the US during the spring of 2000, but ATR decided to cancel the show to recharge. Crack also needed time to recuperate from his psychosis attacks.In the autumn of 2000, ATR started working on their fourth album. The song "Rage", featuring Tom Morello from Rage Against The Machine, was chosen as an in-between single until the release of the fourth album. Rage was part of the recording sessions for 60 Second Wipe Out, but Empire didn’t feel it would fit the album.On 6 September 2001, Crack, who had long struggled with psychiatric issues, died from an overdose of unspecified pills. The media hype surrounding Crack's death is disputed by ATR. According to a friend, he had spoken a few weeks before his death about a doctor's report which said his psychosis attacks would worsen with age. According to that friend, Crack said he would rather kill himself than become a "zombie" and not be in control of his life. Witnesses have said Crack tried to reach out to his friends because he felt the psychosis starting again. When his body was found by police with large quantities of medication in his stomach, this suggested suicide. It is still unclear if this happened while he was in a state of psychosis or not (while in a psychotic state, it could be interpreted as an accident rather than suicide).The other half of the band continue to work together. Endo assisted in the production of Empire's solo recordings, as well as being a key member of his live band. DHR released Atari Teenage Riot: 1992-2000, a collection of the band's best known recordings, on 3 July 2006.


== Reformation ==

In October 2009, Elias contacted Empire to play some concerts together, but had to refrain because of her voice.  When it became clear that Elias wouldn’t show up to the first show, the band published a statement 30 minutes before show time.In January 2010, it was announced ATR would reunite for a few live shows in Europe. Later in the year, they announced additional shows in Europe, North America and Asia. In early March 2010, Empire released the new ATR track "Activate" via SoundCloud, which is the first song featuring their new MC, CX KiDTRONiK. Activate was recorded on 3 March 2010 in Berlin at the Hellish Vortex Studios. Female vocals were provided by Endo.
The band played most major festivals throughout Europe in 2010, including Reading and Leeds, and headlined the Fusion Festival in front of approximately 20,000 people (which led to a massive stage invasion by thousands of fans). In the same year, ATR headlined a stage at Japan's Summersonic Festival, returning the following year to play at Fuji Rock Festival. Another triumph was the band's headline slot on the electronic stage at the Berlin Festival, which is held at an old military airport in the centre of the city. These live shows were perceived as better and more energetic by critics and fans than shows during the 1990s. Enthused, the band decided to add more dates. The live line-up of ATR, as of June 2011, consisted of Empire, Endo and CX KiDTRONiK.
On 12 October 2010, Steve Aoki and Dim Mak Records announced the release of Atari Teenage Riot's new single "Activate", with the full-length album Is This Hyperreal? released in 2011. While the record was described as "redundant" by Pitchfork Media, in what Empire called "probably one of the dumbest reviews I’ve ever read about any record.", other magazines gave it great reviews. New Musical Express wrote:"“Few bands have ever detonated as powerfully in the underground as Atari Teenage Riot. Put simply, they were the conscience of electronic music. They were a band that sounded the way you always wanted The Prodigy to sound. A band akin to Black Flag if that outfit had existed in an age where every home had a computer. And their influence burned big and bright.” Artrocker  Magazine put them on the cover in their May 2011 issue and wrote:"“Make no mistake, ‘Activate’ is the most exhilarating, futuristic and punk rock single of the month. (...) ATR aren’t like any other band. They’re the only group that could have cut a record with Rage Against The Machine and have it be their meekest recording. They’re the only group that iTunes have censored on the grounds that their music could create riots! Ten years and several line-up changes makes no difference to tonight's immediate onslaught of rave, punk, screaming and pounding gabba. The finale consists of the fiercest white noise squall of the evening, and the audience's reaction (moshing, screaming, crowdsurfing, shoes flying through the air) seems to indicate they don’t care either.”Their album Is This Hyperreal? was celebrated as "the ultimate protest album of the google age," dealing with WikiLeaks, Anonymous, hackers, the freedom the internet brought to the suppressed, censorship, the surveillance state, cyber terrorism and digital decay, a term which describes the disaffected masses abandoning the internet when they realized that it was not free but infested with government controls. The campaign for Is This Hyperreal? took an interesting turn when the Black Flags viral video was taken up by Anonymous whose members and supporters sent in clips from the Occupy Wall Street protests last autumn. Remixes, mash ups and alternate versions created by fans to represent their own dissatisfaction proliferated and captured the mood so accurately it was played in a CNN broadcast to summarise the zeitgeist behind Anonymous' cyber attacks. In December ATR got the news that WikiLeaks could provide exclusive footage from Julian Assange speaking at Occupy London. Boing Boing blog and Dangerous Minds were calling it the first anthem of the Occupy movement. Dangerous Minds: "While personally I would have thought it would be a new act to break through representing a new generation, no-one can doubt ATR’s credentials when it comes to this kind of thing. In fact, maybe in this age of ultra-commodified music it would HAVE to take a more veteran, established act to represent OWS and Anonymous so as to avoid claims of false appropriation? You have to hand it to ATR though; “Black Flags” is a pretty great tune. I’d say it's one of their most accessible yet while retaining all that dark techno-punk scuzzy energy we know and love."In Spring 2012 the music video for "Black Flags" was nominated for the MTV O Music Awards in the US in the category "Best Protest Song Of The Year".


== Discography ==


=== Studio albums ===
Delete Yourself! (originally titled 1995) (DHR 1995)
The Future of War (DHR 1997)
60 Second Wipe Out (DHR 1999)
Is This Hyperreal? (DHR 2011)
Reset (DHR 2014)


=== Compilation albums ===
Burn, Berlin, Burn! (Grand Royal 1997)
Redefine the Enemy - Rarities and B-Side Compilation 1992-1999 (DHR 2002)
Atari Teenage Riot: 1992–2000 (DHR 2006)
Unreleased Tracks 1991-1994


=== Live albums ===
Live in Stuttgart (One-Off Shit Let's Go!) (DHR 1996)
Live in Philadelphia Dec. 1997 (DHR 1998)
Live at Brixton Academy (DHR 1999)
Riot in Japan 2011 (DHR 2011)


=== Video ===
Sixteen Years of Video Material (with Alec Empire) (Monitorpop 2008)


=== Singles/EPs ===
"ATR" ("Atari Teenage Riot") (Phonogram 1993)
"Kids Are United E.P." (Phonogram 1993)
"Raver Bashing" (split with "Together for Never" by Alec Empire) (Riot Beats 1994)
"Speed/Midijunkies" (DHR 1996)
"Deutschland Has Gotta Die!" (Grand Royal 1996)
"Not Your Business E.P." (Grand Royal 1996)
"Destroy 2000 Years of Culture" (Intercord 1997)
"Paranoid" (split with "Free Satpal Ram" by Asian Dub Foundation) (Damaged Goods 1997)
"Sick to Death" (DHR 1997)
"Atari Teenage Riot II" (DHR 1999)
"Revolution Action E.P." (DHR 1999)
"Too Dead for Me EP" (DHR 1999)
"Rage E.P." (DHR 2000)
"Activate" (DHR 2010)
"Blood in My Eyes" (DHR 2011)
"Black Flags" (DHR 2011)
"Collapse of History Remixes" (DHR 2012)
"Collapse of History" (DHR 2012)


=== Other recordings ===
"Sex Law Penetration" on Orgazmo (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) (Nickelbag 1998)


== References ==


== External links ==
Atari Teenage Riot official site
ATR's John Peel Session 1999 at BBC Radio 1





Bhartiya Senior Secondary School is located in Mohindergarh, near Mahendragarh, Haryana, India. It was established in 1998.


== External links ==
CBSE website





John Socman is an opera in three acts by George Lloyd to a libretto by William Lloyd (the composer’s father). It was first performed by the Carl Rosa Opera Company at the Bristol Hippodrome, England on 15 May 1951. The work was one of three operatic commissions to mark the Festival of Britain (the others being The Pilgrim’s Progress and Billy Budd).
Lloyd, who had suffered shellshock while serving in the Royal Marines during the Second World War, had a breakdown after writing John Socman, and abandoned composition for twenty years.Annette Phillips, director of Carl Rosa commented that George Lloyd was chosen for the 1951 Festival commission given the talent he had shown in his two previous operas, but that for financial reasons John Socman could not remain in the repertory, despite an enthusiastic reception from audiences. The producer was Dennis Arundell, and a single performance followed in Northern Ireland.The vocal score was published in 1951. A complete studio recording from Manchester was broadcast by BBC Radio 3 on 7 February 1982, conducted by Edward Downes.


== Roles ==


== Synopsis ==
The opera is set in Wiltshire, in the aftermath of the Battle of Agincourt, in 1415.
On return from France, Richard discovers that his sweetheart Sybil is being pursued by John Socman who hopes to force her to marry him in order to avoid having her father, a follower of John Wycliffe, executed  as a heretic. Eventually Socman is revealed to have abandoned a wife years before.


== Recordings ==
Lloyd: John Socman (Highlights) – Malcolm Rivers (baritone), Thomas Booth (tenor), Janice Watson (soprano), Michael George (bass), David Wilson-Johnson (bass), Diana Montague (soprano); Philharmonia Orchestra, London Voices; George Lloyd (conductor). Label: Albany Records 131.


== Notes and references ==


== External links ==
The George Lloyd Society





Micromosaics (or micro mosaics, micro-mosaics) are a special form of mosaic that uses unusually small mosaic pieces (tesserae) of glass, or in later Italian pieces an enamel-like material, to make small figurative images.  Surviving ancient Roman mosaics include some very finely worked panels using very small tesserae, especially from Pompeii, but only from Byzantine art are there mosaic icons in micromosaic with tesserae as small as the best from the Modern period.  Byzantine examples, which are very rare, were religious icons.  The best known shows the Twelve Great Feasts of the Greek Orthodox Church and is in the Bargello in Florence.  Another is in Rome and was crucial in developing the iconography of the Man of Sorrows in the West.


== History ==
From the Renaissance they began to be made in Italy, reaching the height of their popularity in the mid 19th century, when Rome was the centre of production; there was a Vatican Mosaic Studio from 1576, set up to create mosaic replicas of the altarpieces in St Peter's Basilica, which were being damaged by the humid conditions of the vast and crowded interior.  They were popular purchases by visitors on the Grand Tour, easily portable, and often taken home to set into an object there.  Typical scenes were landscapes of Roman views, rarely of any artistic originality, and the micromosaics were small panels used to inset into furniture or onto snuffboxes and similar objects, or for jewellery.  Religious subjects were copied from paintings.  The very smallest mosaic pieces come from works from the period between the late 18th century and the end of the 19th.  Fortunato Pio Castellani (1794–1865) expanded the range of subjects in his work in the "archeological style", copying Roman and Early Christian wall-mosaics. It was even imitated by porcelain painters, who painted faint lines across their work to suggest the edges of tesserae. Butterfly scales and Diatoms were also used to create tesserae, Henry Dalton (1829-1911) of Bury St Edmunds being a well known practitioner.A distinctive feature of micromosaics is that the tesserae are usually oblong rather than square. The best work can achieve 3,000 to 5,000 tesserae per square inch.  The best collections are in the Hermitage Museum and the Gilbert Collection in London. Asia has produced a number of contemporary examples using modern precision machinery to produce the diminutive elements.


== Micromosaic jewelry ==
Wearing micromosaic jewelry became popular during the Grand Tour period (17th - 19th Century).  Members of rich European families would travel around Europe, taking in the sights and cultures of different countries.  Italy was a very popular tourist spot as it had a long and prestigious history in arts and culture - a favourite subject in aristocratic circles.  It was also a famous glass  producer, and canny Italian craftsmen quickly turned their glass making skills to making stunning miniature micromosaic pictures  for their rich visitors.Mosaic work jewellery of this period usually depicted famous Italian landmarks such as the Colosseum and St. Peter's Basilica, though occasionally Roman mythology was a subject too.  The  richest tourists would commission their own mosaics, with animals and famous works of art being favourite subjects.  The small size of the micromosaic was appealing;  micro mosaics could be worn on the Grand Tourists' continuing journey, or sent back home to loved ones as a kind of fore-runner to modern postcards.Rather than being sold in Italy many micromosaics were exported to jewelers in London and Paris to be set into larger pieces.Micromosaic jewelry fell out of fashion in the 1870s.


== Notes ==


== Further reading ==
Jeanette Hanisee Gabriel, The Gilbert Collection - Micromosaics, Phillip Wilson, London 2000, ISBN 0-85667-511-3 [1] Micromosaics: Private Collections, 2016, ISBN 978-1-5136-1259-1, Publisher: Brian McCarthy;
Edmund C. Ryder, Micromosaic Icons of the Late Byzantine Period, New York University Dissertation, 2007.


== External links ==
Roman Micromosaic site





Harold Edwin Darke (29 October 1888 – 28 November 1976) was an English composer and organist. He had a long association with the church of 
St Michael, Cornhill, in the City of London.
Darke was born in Highbury, London the youngest son of Samuel Darke & Arundel Bourne and attended Dame Alice Owen's School. While in the RAF he married a violinist, Dora Garland, (the first woman to lead the Queen's Hall Orchestra) at St Michaels, Cornhill on 25 July 1918.
His first organist post was at Emmanuel Church, West Hampstead from 1906 to 1911. He became organist at St Michael Cornhill in 1916, and stayed there until 1966, leaving only briefly in 1941 to deputise for Boris Ord as Director of Music at King's College, Cambridge during World War II. It is widely accepted that the Cornhill Lunchtime Organ Recitals series begun by Darke in 1916 is the longest-running lunchtime organ concert series in the world; the series has flourished under his successors Richard Popplewell 1966-1979 and the present Organist, Jonathan Rennert, from 1979 to the present. Darke died in Cambridge, aged 88.
His famous setting of Christina Rossetti's In the Bleak Midwinter is often sung at the service of Nine Lessons and Carols at King's College, Cambridge, and at similar services around the world. 
In the Bleak Midwinter was voted the greatest Christmas carol of all time in a poll of choral experts and choirmasters that was published on 7 December 2008.Most of his other compositions that are still performed are settings of the Anglican liturgy, especially his three Communion Services in E minor, F, and A minor; and his Magnificat and Nunc Dimittis in F.
Darke's work as Conductor of St Michael's Singers was crowned in 1956 on the occasion of the Choir's 40th Anniversary with the first performance of a number of now well-established works composed especially for the occasion - notably "Hierusalem" by George Dyson and "A Vision of Aeroplanes" by Ralph Vaughan Williams.


== Compositions ==
OrganSuite in D minor: Prelude, Pastorale, Toccata
Prelude and Fugue on "Heinlein"
Rhapsody in E, Op. 4
Prelude on "Windsor"
Prelude in Memory of Parry
Three Hymn Preludes, Op. 20: St. Peter, Darwall's 148th, On a Theme of Tallis
Fantasy in E, Op. 39
Meditation on Brother James' Air
Retrospection


== References ==


== External links ==
Brief biography
Brief biography
The Music at St Michael's Cornhill
Free scores by Harold Darke in the Choral Public Domain Library (ChoralWiki)
Harold Darke's "In the Bleak Midwinter" on YouTube: a 1968 performance by Guildford Cathedral Choir, directed by Barry Rose
Recording of Darke's In the bleak midwinter from Coro Nostro, a mixed chamber choir based in Leicester, UK.





Ignignokt and Err (known collectively as The Mooninites) are fictional characters on the Adult Swim animated television series Aqua Teen Hunger Force (also known by various alternative titles). Ignignokt and Err are both two dimensional alien villains from the Moon who frequently visit Earth and cause senseless destruction and chaos for the main protagonists. Ignignokt is the larger of the two who frequently appears as more calm and patient, whereas Err appears more temperamental and hyper. Both characters were created by series creators Dave Willis and Matt Maiellaro. Willis provides the voice of Ignignokt and Maiellaro provides the voice of Err.
The Mooninites were also the main protagonists in a television pilot for a potential Aqua Teen Hunger Force spin-off entitled Spacecataz, which was never picked up for a full series or aired on television, outside of clips during cold openings during the third season. The Mooninites also received national controversial attention on January 31, 2007, during the 2007 Boston bomb scare when LED displays resembling them were placed in various locations in Boston, Massachusetts, and were mistaken for bombs causing a panic. The duo has received a positive reception from reviewers at IGN, and have appeared in various forms of media relating to the series including the 2007 series film adaption Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters.


== Role in Aqua Teen Hunger Force ==

Both of The Mooninites live in the center of the Moon, which they frequently boast about. Besides Ignignokt and Err, other Mooninites are not commonly seen with the exception of Ignignokt's uncle Cliff and a giant mooninite monster named "The Gorgotron". Despite the apparent lack of mooninites on the moon a female police officer patrols the surface of the Moon, as seen in "Jumpy George".The Mooninites periodically visit earth in order to harass Master Shake, Meatwad, Frylock and Carl Brutananadilewski, arriving in a purple-and-blue spaceship. They particularly target Meatwad to take advantage of his childlike naivete, often encouraging Meatwad to participate in bad behavior such as shoplifting, burglary or smoking cigarettes and marijuana. Frylock, who sees right through their schemes, has a very condescending view of The Mooninites and often strives to keep them away from Meatwad, himself, and their property. Master Shake is more welcoming to them than Frylock, and only slightly less gullible than Meatwad when it comes to their lies. The Mooninites seem to welcome Master Shake to a degree by giving him shoplifted items as gifts, inviting him to help cash a stolen government aid check, and offering him marijuana, although they frequently try to trick Shake so they can steal from him as well. Carl is often the primary victim in The Mooninites' plans and schemes. They often end up stealing or destroying his possessions, causing damage to his home or car, and physically assaulting him in some cases. Most encounters The Mooninites have with the main protagonists often end with them rushing to their ship and shooting the bird to them from outer space as they return home, as a running gag.
Both of the Mooninites are equipped with a small laser gun that fires a small, slow-moving square bullet (despite Ignignokt's insistence on how fast it goes). Err and Ignignokt also possess the ability to lock their heads together to create the "Quad Laser", which results in them firing four laser guns at once, although this only results in them firing a much larger and much slower-moving projectile. In "The Last One", the Mooninites created an even larger weapon consisting of multiple copies of themselves formed into the shape of a giant gun which they call "The Quad Glazer" (although they argue over whether it's actually called "The Quad Glacier"). The bullet fired was even more massive and seemed to not move at all, and the sheer size of the gun caused Err to break his legs under the sheer weight of the weapon. They also have the ability to jump very high (but only on the Moon) and spin around in place flashing bright colors.Little is known about their family lives, however, it's revealed that both Ignignokt and Err come from broken homes and neither had a father in their lives while growing up. Err went on to explain that his father was an alcoholic who abandoned him when he was three, and his mother later abandoned him at a summer camp, causing him to slip into a deep depression, and his frequent bad behavior is a desperate cry for attention. Ignignokt didn’t go into as much detail but did express some sorrow that he didn’t learn to "steal or drink the right way" from his father. In "Remooned" it is revealed Ignignokt has an uncle named Cliff, who suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder as a result of serving in the "Lunar Wars" and requires home care as a result.


== Characters ==
The Mooninites were both created and designed by series creators Dave Willis and Matt Maiellaro and first appeared in the Aqua Teen Hunger Force season one episode "Mayhem of The Mooninites", an episode in which they were centric. The episode first aired in the United States on October 14, 2001 on Cartoon Network's late night programming block Adult Swim. Willis himself provides the voice of Ignignokt and Err is voiced by Maiellaro, whose voice is digitally altered for the role. When appearing in the series, Err is never written into the script as all of his dialog and actions are completely improvised.The duo were originally created as ghosts from the 1982 video game E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, an Atari video game adaption to the science fiction film of the same name. The protagonists house was to be revealed to be built on top an ancient Indian burial ground filled with old copies of the game. This premise was based on the Atari video game burial, when a surplus of over a million copies of the game, along with several other Atari games, were buried underground in New Mexico in 1983. They are both recurring characters of the series, who both have appeared more than any other characters besides the main protagonists. They are usually the main focus in the episodes where they appear, and also make several brief cameos in certain episodes as well. A person from Cartoon Network's Standards and Practices department originally saw issue with Ignignokt and Err smoking cigarettes; Willis and Maiellaro argued that they are negative characters and that them smoking would depict smoking cigarettes as a negative action. Willis and Maiellaro claimed that they would remove the smoking cigarettes aspect of the characters from the script, however, never followed through on their claim.


=== Design ===
The Mooninites appear as two dimensional pixelated figures with crude eyes, eyebrows, mouths, arms and legs, all composed from basic blue rectangles. Neither Ignignokt nor Err can open their mouths to speak but rather the size of the rectangle used for their mouths changes size to the rhythm of what they are saying. Ignignokt is colored with a solid shade of light green, and significantly larger than Err and has on somewhat more complex shape with several perfectly symmetrical grooves across his head. Err is light purple and square shaped with a second rectangle on his head, which fits perfectly in the groove on Ignignokt's head, which is used to form the Quad Laser and the Quad Glacier. Neither Ignignokt or Err wear clothing on a normal basis, but can be seen wearing them on occasion.
Err’s facial expression is set as angry and is never seen to change, even during an emotional monologue about his childhood in "Moonajuana", whereas Ignignokt's facial expression is predominantly set as calm and relaxed, although unlike Err his facial expression occasionally changes to express anger. Ignignokt's facial expressions never skew from calm or angry, however, his plain rectangular mouth reverts to the shape of a smile briefly during the pilot episode of Spacecataz, his mouth in the shape of a smile is never seen again outside of this one-time isolated appearance. In "Deleted Scenes" they are both hypnotized and their eyes become spinning circular spirals, a very rare alteration of their eyes. However, their facial expressions remain the same. Ignignokt has the ability to extend the size of his middle finger, and also the ability to increase the size of his entire hand immensely in order to be more prominent when giving the bird to Earth.


== Spacecataz spin-off pilot ==

Both Ignignokt and Err served as the main protagonist for a Aqua Teen Hunger Force spin-off entitled Spacecataz. A pilot episode for the spin-off was produced, however, Adult Swim did not pick it up for a full series as executives couldn't see it going anywhere with all the characters dying towards the end of the pilot, despite the parent series having a long history of non-canon plot twists and storylines. Spacecataz was created by Willis and Maiellaro, and intended it to begin with a five episode first season. The plot revolves around both of The Mooninites and The Plutonians, another villainous duo featured in Aqua Teen Hunger Force, having an ongoing back and forth mean-spirited string of practical jokes between each other. This follows up the hostility between both groups depicted in Aqua Teen Hunger Force.The pilot episode was never aired on television but was released on the Volume Four DVD set on December 6, 2005. The pilot was also broken down into several parts and used as cold openings throughout the third season of Aqua Teen Hunger Force; replacing short bits from Dr. Weird and Steve, which were used throughout the first two seasons.


== Connection to the 2007 Boston bomb scare ==

The Mooninites were subject to National attention during the 2007 Boston bomb scare on January 31, 2007. During the incident LED displays depicting Ignignokt and Err were placed in eleven different cities:  Boston, New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Atlanta, Seattle, Portland, Denver, Austin, San Francisco, and Philadelphia. In Boston, the authorities considered the LEDs suspicious, prompting the closure of major roads and waterways for investigation. Turner Broadcasting System later admitted placing the LEDs and apologized for the misunderstanding. In spite of the uproar, Berdovsky and Stevens mocked the media and critics in interviews while facing charges for "placing a hoax device and disorderly conduct". Subsequently, all criminal charges were dropped in exchange for Berdovsky and Stevens apologizing during their court date  and accepting a plea bargain which consisted of community service at the Spaulding Rehabilitation Center. Turner Broadcasting has paid the Boston Police Department one million dollars to cover the investigation's cost and an additional million for good will. This action was designed to settle criminal and civil claims, while the general manager of Cartoon Network stepped down because of the incident. Of the 10 cities in which the Lite-Brite-like LED displays were placed, only Boston saw them as a matter of concern.
Willis and Maiellaro responded to the incident by satirizing it in an episode entitled "Boston", the episode was meant to serve as the premiere of the fifth season in 2008 but was pulled by Turner Legal to avoid further controversy surrounding the incident. Subsequently, “Boston” has never been aired on television or formally released to the public in any format legally. Willis and  Maiellaro also worked a stealthily hidden image of Err dressed as Osama bin Laden onto the artwork for  the Aqua Teen Hunger Force Volume Five DVD set.


== Reception ==
Eric Goldman and Dan Iverson of IGN have listed The Mooninites as number one on their list of top ten villains featured in the series. They stated that the extremely slow speed of the laser was “hysterical” and said it was only topped by their battlecry of “Mooninites, Unite!”. They also credited the duo for several lines they contributed to the series and claimed that Ignignokt and Err’s debut episode, “Mayhem of The Mooninites”, as one of the best thought the series.


== In other media ==
Ignignokt and Err both make appearances together in Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters, a 2007 feature film based on the series and the video game Aqua Teen Hunger Force Zombie Ninja Pro-Am.' They also make a non-speaking visual appearance in the music video “I Like Your Booty But I’m Not Gay”."Aside from their appearances in anything related to Aqua Teen Hunger Force or Spacecataz The Mooninites have also made a few brief cameos in other media. A hidden image of Ignignokt can be seen on a bathroom stall in the Adult Swim online flash game Five Minutes to Kill (Yourself) Family Reunion. An animated interpretation of T-Pain, who was voiced by himself, is seen wearing a necklace of Ignignokt in the Squidbillies season five episode "Asbestos I Can".


== See also ==

E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
List of Aqua Teen Hunger Force characters
Aqua Teen Hunger Force


== References ==


== External links ==





Russell Brown "Rusty" Wood (12 December 1929 – 1 July 2015) was an English cricketer.  Wood was a right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper. He was born in Bristol.
Wood made his first-class debut for Gloucestershire against Cambridge University in 1950.  He made 7 further first-class appearancees, the last of which came against Glamorgan in the 1951 County Championship.  In his 8 first-class matches, he scored 110 runs at an average of 12.22, with a high score of 48.  This score came on debut against Cambridge University in 1950.He died on 1 July 2015.


== References ==


== External links ==
Russell Wood at ESPNcricinfo
Russell Wood at CricketArchive





David William Tilden Zearfoss (January 1, 1868 – September 12, 1945) was a professional baseball catcher. He played all or part of five seasons in Major League Baseball between 1896 and 1905 for the New York Giants and the St. Louis Cardinals. He had a .244 batting average for his career. He died in 1945 and was buried in Northwood Cemetery in Philadelphia.


== Sources ==
Career statistics and player information from Baseball-Reference, or Baseball-Reference (Minors)





Saint-Benoît-la-Forêt is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.


== Population ==


== See also ==
Communes of the Indre-et-Loire department


== References ==
INSEE commune file





The Women's International Art Club, briefly known as the Paris International Art Club, was founded in Paris in 1900. The club was intended to "promote contacts between women artists of all nations and to arrange exhibitions of their work", and until it dissolved in 1976 it provided a way for women to exhibit their art work. The first exhibition of the club was held in Paris in 1900, and another at the Grafton Galleries in London in the same year. Members of the club included Elizabeth Frink, Gwen John and Orovida Pissarro.


== History ==
The Paris International Art Club was founded in Paris in 1900, and changed its name to the Women's International Art Club in the same year. The first exhibition of the club was held at the Grafton Galleries in Bond Street, London, in 1900, and was followed by a second show at the same gallery in March and April 1901. Annual exhibitions were held in London until the club dissolved in 1976. Some smaller exhibitions were also held in other parts of Britain and overseas. The membership of the club was international, and there were sections in France, Greece, Holland, Italy and the United States.
The club is thought to have dissolved in 1976, but held an exhibition at Greenwich in 1977.


== Exhibitors ==
The early annual exhibitions were held at the Grafton Galleries. Later the Goupil Gallery was used, and then the galleries of the Royal Society of British Artists. Initially only members of the club could participate in the exhibitions; the club had a limit of 150 members. From 1921, non-members could, for a fee, exhibit one picture each. These exhibitions helped to make up for the lack of opportunity for women to exhibit at mainstream venues such as the Royal Academy.Eileen Agar, Anthea Alley, Gwen Barnard, Wilhelmina Barns-Graham, Elinor Bellingham-Smith, Ithell Colquhoun, Sonia Delaunay, Elisabeth Frink, Gwen John, Stanisława de Karłowska, Dame Laura Knight, Lee Krasner, Orovida Pissarro, Anne Redpath and Dame Ethel Walker were among those who exhibited. A full list of exhibitors from 1900 to 1966 was published in 1981.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Deborah Cherry (1995). Painting Women: Victorian Women Artists. London: Routledge.
Katy Deepwell (2010). Women Artists Between the Wars: 'A Fair Field and No Favour'. Manchester University Press. ISBN 0719080800.





Cours is a former commune in the Lot department in south-western France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune Bellefont-La Rauze.


== See also ==
Communes of the Lot department


== References ==





Marysinek [marɨˈɕinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Błonie, 22 km (14 mi) west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and 36 km (22 mi) west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 64.


== References ==





Lufia II: Rise of the Sinistrals, known as Estpolis Denki II (エストポリス伝記II, officially translated Biography of Estpolis II) in Japan, and as Lufia in Europe and Australia, is a role-playing video game with puzzle elements developed by Neverland and published in Japan in 1995 by Taito, and in North America and Europe in 1996 by Natsume and Nintendo respectively, for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
The game is a prequel to Lufia & the Fortress of Doom. It follows the story of the first main character's ancestor, Maxim, and explains the origins of the war between mankind and a group of gods called the Sinistrals. Lufia II made a number of changes from the first game. Dungeons no longer have random encounters and there are hundreds of puzzles throughout the game, ranging from simple to extremely challenging. It also introduced new skills, such as a variety of weapons that could be used to stun monsters or solve puzzles, and IP attacks. In 2010, Square Enix released a re-imagining of the original game titled Lufia: Curse of the Sinistrals.


== Gameplay ==
In Lufia II, characters walk around an over world map, enter dungeons, fight monsters, buy or find new equipment and spells, and set out on a quest to save the world. The player's party supports up to four characters at once, along with a Capsule Monster. There are various forms of transportation which the player may utilize in order to travel faster than walking, these include; warping, a spell learned early in the game; a boat, modified by Lexis into a submarine and later a blimp. Various casino games are accessible later in the game; these include Pachinco Slot, Black Jack, Slot Machine, Stud Poker, and Action Bingo.
In dungeons, monsters appear on the map, and can be avoided if the player wishes. Motion in dungeons is also turn-based, and monsters do not move unless the player does. Maxim gains a number of tools and weapons for use in dungeons (similar to The Legend of Zelda titles), such as a bow and arrow, bombs and a hookshot; these, along with his sword, will stun monsters temporarily and interact with obstacles. Finally, dungeons place great emphasis on puzzles.  On the world map, monsters are encountered randomly.
Aside from the RPG standards of "Fight," "Use Item" and "Use Magic," characters also have access to IP Skills, which are attached to weapons, armor and accessories. Each character's IP bar fills when he or she takes damage, and is depleted when an available IP skill is invoked. IP Skills take varying amounts of charge to activate. Players can freely wear and customize their characters with different varying sets of these weapons and armor for different IP skill effects and apply them while utilizing tactics during battles. Also, IP Skills themselves cannot be customized, sometimes forcing the player to choose between a newer and stronger piece of gear, or an older, weaker one that has a useful IP Skill.
Capsule monsters are special creatures which the player may only find on specific locations of the world. Once a Capsule monster is found, the party acquires a fifth, computer controlled member. These monsters can be fed items and equipment, and once they are satiated they evolve to a different form, up to a fifth and definitive form, labeled M. Seven of them exist, and each Capsule monster belongs to a different element (Neutral, Light, Wind, Water, Dark, Fire and Soil), and has a different set of skills.
The Ancient Cave, a randomly generated dungeon composed of 99 floors, is presented to the player as a side-quest in the town of Gruberik. Every time the player enters the cave, a new layout is generated, similar to the roguelike genre. Within the cave, the characters are downgraded to zero experience points and stripped of nearly all equipment and items. The player must proceed through the cave's floors, collecting equipment, finding magic spells and increasing levels, with the objective of reaching the Ancient Cave's final floor. There are three ways of exiting the cave: by dying, by reaching its bottom or by finding and using an item exclusive to the cave, named "providence". Within the cave lie two kinds of chests, blue and red. Red chests contain items which can only be used inside the cave for the duration of the playing session. As soon as the player leaves the cave, all items from red chests disappear, except for "Iris Treasures," which cannot be equipped and serve only as collectibles. The rare blue chests contains items which can be used outside the cave and brought back to the cave on subsequent journeys. Some items that can be found in blue chests can also be found by other means, such as monster drops. These can also be taken in and out of the Ancient Cave just as if they were found in blue chests. The bottom floor of the inn in Gruberik serves as a storage for these items.


== Plot ==
The game is a prequel, set ninety-nine years before Lufia & the Fortress of Doom, which tells the story of how the Sinistrals first appeared in the world and the battles fought against them. The story is centered around the hero Maxim, a swordsman from the town of Elcid who is born with a natural ability to fight and is destined to destroy the Sinistrals. Throughout his journey, he meets other warriors who are able to confront the Sinistrals as well.


=== Characters ===
The game's protagonist is Maxim, a talented swordsman from the town of Elcid. Little about his past is mentioned in the game, but the game begins to follow him when a mysterious woman named Iris tells him that he is to go on a journey.
Throughout the game, Maxim is joined by other talented warriors or 'Heroes of Legend' such as Tia, his childhood friend, who has a romantic interest in Maxim; Guy, a wandering warrior who joins Maxim after he rescued his sister; Dekar, the powerful bodyguard of Prince Alex of Bound Kingdom; Lexis, a brilliant inventor; Artea, an elven bowman; and Selan, commander of the Parcelyte army who becomes Maxim's wife in mid-story.
The game's antagonists are the Sinistrals, a group of four godlike beings bent on world domination. They are led by Daos, the Sinistral of Terror, who seeks an ultimate weapon to use against the people of the world. His three subordinates are Gades, the Sinistral of Destruction, who is credited with the destruction of two entire cities; Amon, the Sinistral of Chaos, who is known to be a brilliant tactician; and Erim, the Sinistral of Death.


== Release ==
The North American release of the game has a few graphical and textual glitches which were corrected in the European version. The European versions were released in English, German, Spanish and Dutch for distribution in Australia, Germany, Spain and the Netherlands respectively. The Australian version was released in 1997, one year after the North American version. Both the European and Australian releases of the game were titled "Lufia", not "Lufia 2", and included no subtitles because Lufia & the Fortress of Doom was never released in Europe and Australia.


== Reception ==
The game has an aggregate review score of 80% on GameRankings. On release, Famitsu gave the game a score of 30 out of 40, while it received a perfect score of 10 out of 10 in their Reader Cross Review. Scary Larry of GamePro praised the game's heavy puzzle element, but criticized that the battles are easy, the graphics are subpar, and the music and sound effects are boringly generic. He concluded that the game is unexceptional, and in particular pales against the recently released Super Mario RPG, but makes a decent holdover for gamers waiting for the next great RPG.


== Nintendo DS remake ==

An action-RPG remake of Lufia II for the Nintendo DS was developed by Neverland, with much of the staff of Lufia II involved in the project, and released in 2010. As in the original game, it features dungeons that focus heavily on puzzle-solving, but unlike the original, the gameplay is now oriented towards action, with the player controlling Maxim directly in battle and switching between characters by tapping his or her portrait on the bottom screen. The story also differs heavily in many points and received several additions.


== References ==


== External links ==
Forfeit Island  Lufia II
Official document from Natsume (PDF)
Lufia II: Rise of the Sinistrals in Hardcore Gaming 101





Tritirachium oryzae is a fungus in the Basidiomycota often mistaken for a member of the Ascomycota. it is a mesophile linked recently with human pathogenicity in multiple, rare cases. This species produces airborne spores and is an endophyte of several plant species in North America, South America and in the Middle East.


== History of  taxonomy ==

Tritirachium oryzae was first described as Beauveria oryzae by Vincens in 1923 in a study of fungi on rice in the French Vietnamese colony of Cochinchina. The species epithet, "oryzae" derives from the Latin, orza, meaning rice. In 1940, Limber created the genus Tritirachium based on the zig-zag nature of the conidiom bearing cells that resembled the flowering rachis ofTriticum. Saccas independently rediscovered the fungus and named it Beauveria heimii in 1948. In 1972, de Hoog re-evaluated these fungi and confirmed the correct name to be Tritirachium oryzae. The fungus is a member of the phylum, Basidiomycota, distantly related to the rust fungi.


== Morphology ==
T. oryzae is an asexual  fungus that grows well at 25-28 °C aerobically. It develops distinctly purple colonies with a velvet-like surface and pale to dark reddish-brown reverse coloration. Colonies consist of pale to brown smooth thin-walled hyphae. Conidia-bearing hyphae branch off and taper to form long and flat thick-walled arms, which have a characteristic zig-zag form. Conidia are 2.5 x 2.1 μm with a glassy-like appearance and are formed in spirals on conidiogenous cells The microorganism resembling wheat flowering heads. Conidia readily break free of the bearing cells and become airborne. Identification can be readily established using either morphological or molecular genetic methods.


== Ecology ==
T. oryzae is commonly found on soil and decaying plant material and has been reported on maize and other crops. The fungus has been isolated from paper, vegetable fibres, textiles and adhesives, and is infrequently found in insulation materials, wood and ceiling tiles. This fungus has been reported globally in Iran, Pakistan, India, Brazil, and the United States.


== Pathogenicity ==
T. oryzae can either act as a symbiont such as in is in Himalayan blue pine and other plants, or as an opportunistic pathogen of insects and humans. Human infection has been recorded multiple times under nails, in the cornea, and in the scalp, but produces little pathological substances harmful to humans. These infections are readily treated by azole topical drugs such as ketoconazole, itraconazole and posaconazole. The fungus is potentially active against gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, and is active against the plant pathogen Ceratocystis fimbriata and Staphylococcus aureus.


== References ==





Cassyette (Born 30 March 1994) is a British singer, songwriter, DJ, producer and model.
Her debut single "Push n Pull" was released 6 March 2018. She has been described by Rankin's Hunger Magazine as "The electro-pop princess to keep on your radar".


== Early life ==
Cassyette was born in Chelmsford Essex. She attended Brentwood Ursuline Convent High School, later graduating from the University of Westminster with a degree in commercial music.


== Career ==
Cassyette began her career as a DJ and songwriter. “After graduating from university Cassyette became a staple on the London live circuit, DJ-ing in the capital and further afield in Spain and Ibiza".
“Also known as Cassy, Cassyette is a play on her name and 'cassette'.Inspired by her love for 1980s pop culture Cassyette performed original retro style remixes and dance tracks like "Panther Death Claw".
Establishing her career in the fashion industry she has worked with the likes of Armani, Missguided, Nasty gal and Elle Magazine.
Songwriting for various artists and bands alongside her own music, Cassyette merges 80s pop and glam rock inspired sounds with modern-day electronic pop to form her new wave generation Z sound. Cassyette's first solo debut was labelled "A seriously well-crafted, addictive gem that should underline Cassyette’s reputation as not only one of London’s most relevant new artists, but a consummate beatmaker and songwriter".
"Push N Pull" has been playlisted amongst Deezer, Spotify and Itunes. It has also received notable radio play within the UK and US.


== Discography ==
Singles


== Filmography ==
Film and television


== References ==


== External links ==
www.cassyette.co.uk





Fabrício Santos Simões (born 26 December 1984), simply known as Fabrício, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Famalicão.


== Career ==
After several spells with lower league Brazilian clubs, Simões moved to Portugal in 2006 with Madeiran club Câmara de Lobos where he remained for one season. The following few seasons saw him move frequently threw several lower league clubs like Machico, Benfica Castelo Branco and Operário before moving to first division side União de Leiria.
In January 2011, after a successful first half of the season with Operário where he scored 16 goals in 19 games, Simões moved to Primeira Liga side União de Leiria. He debuted for his new club on the 6 February in an away league fixture against Olhanense. The following week after his debut he scored in a 1–0 victory over Nacional da Madeira.In the summer of 2011, after failing to establish himself at União de Leiria, Simões joined G.D. Estoril Praia on a season-long loan. His season with Estoril saw him make 32 appearances in which he contributed six goals to help his side gain promotion to the top flight of Portuguese football. Despite Simões' contribution towards Estoril's promotion, the Canarinhos decided not to purchase the player on a permanent basis and returned him to União de Leiria. Following his return to União de Leiria, the club terminated his contract and granted his release, which led him to sign for Segunda Liga side Sporting da Covilhã on a free transfer.He made his official debut for his new side on the 28 July in a Taça da Liga fixture against Arouca where Simões helped himself to a hat-trick in a 4–2 win. His stay with the Leões da Serra proved to be successful as he managed 16 goals in 46 appearances. On the 29 June, Simões left Sporting da Covilhã for Angolan side Recreativo da Caála.


== References ==


== External links ==
Fabrício Simões at ForaDeJogo





Kortenbach & Rauh is a German steel manufacturer and umbrella manufacturer. The company is based in Solingen, Germany.
The business partners August Kortenbach and Carl Rauh founded their manufacturing plant in Solingen, then a part of Prussia. The company became one of the leading umbrella frame manufacturers in the country.In 1982 the company took over the traditional company Knirps.
The company also produced the Kortenbach & Rauh Kora 1, which was an unusual twin boom, pusher configuration motor glider, designed and built in Germany in the 1970s and intended as a training aircraft.


== References ==


== External links ==
Homepage of Kortenbach
kobold umbrella





Clarence Francis (December 1, 1888 - December 22, 1985) was a business executive and internationally recognized expert on food.


== Early life ==
He was born in Staten Island in 1888. Upon graduating from Amherst College in 1910 he went to New York City intending to apply for work at Standard Oil. By mistake, Francis went to the wrong office and soon found himself working for the Corn Products Refining Company, a small food manufacturing firm. This inauspicious beginning led to a lifelong interest in the food industry. By the time Francis retired from the General Foods Corporation in 1954 he had risen to become Chairman of the Board of Directors. After absorbing an initial $17 million loss in the frozen foods sector, Francis was able to turn a profit for General Foods in this very important market.


== Career ==
In addition to his work in the food industry, Francis also served as a government consultant. By 1933 he was recognized as an expert on food production and distribution. When the National Recovery Administration, one of President Franklin D. Roosevelt’s New Deal agencies, was created to establish codes to regulate business operations, Francis was hired as a consultant to help draft codes for the food industry. The successful conclusion of this task led to further demands for his services. Between 1940 and 1943 he assisted in defense mobilization; from 1943 to 1945 he led a committee that studied the food services at several naval bases in the United States; he studied manpower training and utilization in the U.S. Department of Defense from 1951-52; and he evaluated the Mutual Security Program in 1953.
In 1949, Francis was appointed by Secretary of Interior Julius A. Krug to chair an official United States Citizens Committee for the United Nations Scientific Conference on Conservation and Utilization of Resources, held in August of that year at Lake Success, New York.Francis’ consultant work required taking extended leaves from his work at the General Foods Corporation. After his retirement in 1954 he was able to devote most of his time to government service. He became a special consultant to President Dwight D. Eisenhower with the responsibility of disposing of the vast agricultural surpluses which the federal government had accumulated. At the same time he served as chairman of the Citizens Committee for the Hoover Report, and was the American representative on the European Productivity Agency.
At the end of the Eisenhower administration Francis left government services and returned to private business. His last major activity was with the Economic Development Council of New York City.
He remained a Director Emeritus of General Foods until his death.


== References ==


== External links ==
Papers and Records of Clarence Francis, Dwight D. Eisenhower Presidential Library





Robert Dorfmann (3 March 1912 – 11 August 1999) was a French film producer who worked from the 1950s to the 1970s. He is the father of French film producer Jacques Dorfmann.
His notable films include Luis Buñuel's Tristana (1970), Jean-Pierre Melville's Le cercle rouge (1970), Jacques Tati's Trafic (1971) and Papillon (1973). He was awarded an Honorary César in 1978.


== Selected filmography ==
Miquette (1950)
Without Leaving an Address (1951)
Matrimonial Agency (1952)
The House on the Dune (1952)
The Great Silence (1968)
Papillon (1973)


== References ==


== External links ==
Robert Dorfmann on IMDb





Gas Transmission Northwest (GTN) is a 1353 mile long natural gas pipeline built in 1961 with a capacity of 2,900 million cubic feet per day. It brings gas from Alberta, Canada, beginning at Kingsgate, British Columbia and passing through Washington and terminates at Malin, Oregon then connecting to California, connecting to the Pacific Gas and Electric system. Prior to being purchased by TransCanada Corporation in 2004, it was named Pacific Gas Transmission. TransCanada subsequently sold 25 percent of its interest in GTN to TC PipeLines, LP, which connects via the Tuscarora Gas Pipeline. GTN's FERC code is 86.[1]


== See also ==
List of North American natural gas pipelines


== References ==


== External links ==
Pipeline Electronic Bulletin Board





William Keith Burge (known as Keith Burge and born 10 August 1950) is a Welsh former football referee. He officiated in the English Football League and Premier League, and for FIFA. He hails from Tonypandy in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taff, Glamorgan. His other occupation is as a civil servant.


== Career ==
He was appointed as a referee to the Football League in 1986, at the age of thirty-five - the last Welsh referee to join the English list, as this option was withdrawn by UEFA in 1997.He was on the first list of referees to officiate in the new Premier League for the 1992-93 season, and made his debut there on 5 September 1992, taking charge of the 3-2 win by Wimbledon over Arsenal at Plough Lane.He was a FIFA official until 1995, when he reached the international retirement age of forty-five. One of his last appointments was in the Euro '96 qualifying tournament, when Lithuania drew 0-0 at home to Croatia on 29 March 1995.Domestically, he retained his place on the Premier League list for six seasons, until he retired from refereeing completely after his final match in the Premier League, a 2-1 win by Manchester United over Aston Villa at Old Trafford on 1 May 1999.


== References ==


== External links ==
Keith Burge Referee Statistics at soccerbase.com (incomplete)





Radzewo [raˈd͡zɛvɔ] (German: Radtstett) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kórnik, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kórnik and 24 km (15 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
The village has a population of 400.


== References ==





Gustav Pick (10 December 1832– 20 April 1921) was a musician and composer of Wienerlieder (Viennese songs).. 
He was born and brought up in the Jewish village of Rechnitz, where his father was a merchant. In 1845 the family moved to Vienna. Whilst working as a bank clerk, Pick took piano lessons and began to compose.
He created one of the most popular Wienerlieder, the "Fiakerlied". It was made a success by the famous actor Alexander Girardi.
Pick is buried in the Wiener Zentralfriedhof.


== External links ==
Composer: Gustav Pick on ArkivMusic





Judith Caroline Spence (born 19 May 1957) is an Australian politician and former member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for the Labor Party, from the 1989 election to 2012. She represented Mount Gravatt until 2009, but after a redistribution she switched to Sunnybank, which covered much of the same territory. She was Leader of the House, a role responsible for the co-ordination and management of Government business in the Assembly from 7 April 2009 to 24 March 2012.


== Early life ==
Spence was born in Brisbane on 19 May 1957 and obtained a Bachelor of Arts and Diploma of Teaching before becoming a secondary school teacher.


== Politics ==
Spence was elected to Parliament at the 1989 election on 2 December 1989, defeating National MP Ian Henderson and becoming the first Labor member for the seat in 32 years. She was a member of various committees and, upon the defeat of the Goss government as a result of the Mundingburra by-election, became Shadow Minister for Consumer Affairs and Women in the Beattie shadow cabinet in February 1996, adding Aboriginal and Islander Affairs to her shadow responsibilities in December 1996.After the 1998 state election, where Labor won minority government, she became Minister for Women's Policy, Aboriginal and Islander Affairs and Fair Trading in the Beattie Ministry. In 2000, she resigned from the Left faction of the Labor Party and joined the dominant Labor Unity faction. At the 2001 state election, she retained Aboriginal and Islander Affairs but otherwise moved to Families and Disability Services. In 2004 she was promoted to Minister for Police and Corrective Services, in which she served until the 2009 election. She was demoted to Parliamentary Secretary assisting the Premier and Minister for Arts at this time by Premier Anna Bligh, attributed by some analysts to the settling of a dispute arising from her earlier factional switch, but she was appointed to the senior position of Leader of the House the following day.Spence stood down from Parliament at the 2012 election.She is a member of Amnesty International and several schools' Parents & Citizens committees.


== Notes ==





Sokolac is a village in Bijelo Polje Municipality, in northern Montenegro. According to the 2003 census, the village had a population of 184 people.


== References ==





The siege of Shiroishi, in 1600, was one of several feudal Japanese battles leading up to the decisive battle of Sekigahara which ended the period of over 100 years of war, and was immediately followed by the establishment of the Tokugawa shogunate. Shiroishi was a castle just south of the city of Sendai, controlled by a retainer of Uesugi Kagekatsu, who in turn was one of the chief supporters of Ishida Mitsunari.
Date Masamune and Mogami Yoshiaki, daimyō of large nearby domains, laid siege to this castle, beginning the conflict in the north between the representatives of Ishida and Tokugawa. Its capture would also mark the first contribution of Date Masamune to the Sekigahara campaign.
This would be followed by two counter-sieges on the part of Uesugi Kagekatsu and Naoe Kanetsugu against the castles of Hataya, Kaminoyama and Hasedo.


== References ==
Turnbull, Stephen (1998). 'The Samurai Sourcebook'. London: Cassell & Co.





Isaac Landman (October 24, 1880 – September 4, 1946) was an American Reform rabbi, author and anti-Zionist activist. He was editor of the ten volume Universal Jewish Encyclopedia.


== Biography ==
Landman was born in Russia on October 4, 1880 to Ada and Louis Landman. He emigrated to the United States in 1890. He graduated from the Reform Hebrew Union College. In 1911, with the assistance of Jacob Schiff, Julius Rosenwald, and Simon Bamberger, he founded a Jewish farm colony in Utah. In 1913 he married Beatrice Eschner.  During World War I he was "said to be the first Jewish chaplain in the United States Army to serve on foreign soil".He was a leader in Jewish–Christian ecumenism.  He was editor of American Hebrew Magazine from 1918, served as the delegate of the Union of American Hebrew Congregations to the 1919 Paris Peace Conference.Landman had also been a prominent opponent of Zionism: when, in 1922, the United States Congress was considering the Lodge–Fish resolution in support of the Balfour Declaration, Landman and Rabbi David Philipson had presented the Reform movement's (then) anti-Zionist position to the House Committee on Foreign Affairs. Landman also printed many opinions against the resolution and Zionism in his American Hebrew Magazine. The bill was eventually unanimously supported by both houses of Congress, and approved by President Harding.He became rabbi of Brooklyn's Congregation Beth Elohim in 1931. Three years later he began editing the Universal Jewish Encyclopedia, which was published in ten volumes in the 1940s. He died on September 4, 1946.Landman was also a playwright. With his brother, physician Michael Lewis Landman, he authored the play A Man of Honor. Michael Landman's daughter was the architecture critic Ada Louise Huxtable.


== References ==


== External links ==
Works by Isaac Landman at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Isaac Landman at Internet Archive





"Tonight's the Night" is the title and lead track from The Shirelles' 1961 album Tonight's the Night. Written by Luther Dixon and Shirley Owens, the song dealt with a woman's feelings before losing her virginity and was released as the pre-album's second single in 1960. In 2010, Rolling Stone listed as one of the 500 greatest songs of all time.


== Production ==
"Tonight's the Night" was cowritten by The Shirelles' lead singer Shirley Owens, as well as Luther Dixon. It was the first production for the band by Dixon, who was booked for the band by Florence Greenberg after having worked with Perry Como, Nat King Cole, and Pat Boone. It also marks the debut of composer Horace Ott.


== Critical reception ==
Richie Unterberger of AllMusic positively wrote "The title track"  is excellent.


== Theme and style ==
"Tonight's the Night" deals with "romantic surrender" and "soulful yearning"; it tells of a woman who is both expectant and hesitant regarding her first sexual experience, the degree of enthusiasm has been described as similar to that shown in Buddy Holly's "Oh, Boy!. The emotional content is reflected in Owens' vocals, which are described as full of "desire and vulnerability", as well as with a sense of "innocence and striving"; the effect is from her singing almost out of tune.  Of course, this analysis is purely conjecture of the authors, and is not actually fact-based.
The strings in the song are similar to "There Goes My Baby", although Dixon notes that it was influenced by Brazilian Baião. Rolling Stone also notes the Latin style, with numerous instances of syncopation.


== Release ==
The single was released in September 1960. By 1961 it had reached gold status (500,000 copies sold). According to Greil Marcus, the song was shocking when it was released for its frank depiction of "a woman ... aware of her mind and body".Soon after its release, it had to compete with a cover by The Chiffons (not the New York later group on Laurie Records with several hits, this was a Los Angeles Chiffons group), which used a similar arrangement and style. The Chiffons' cover eventually peaked at 76, becoming their first hit.


== Chart history ==


== Legacy ==
Rolling Stone selected "Tonight's the Night" as the 409th best song of all time in their 2010 update to The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time list. It was the lower-ranked of two Shirelles songs; "Will You Love Me Tomorrow" was ranked 126th.


== Personnel ==
Lead vocals: Shirley Owens
Backing vocals: Doris Coley, Beverly Lee, Addie "Micki" Harris


== References ==
Footnotes
Bibliography


== External links ==
Lyrics of this song at MetroLyrics





The Antim Cup is contested between the rugby union teams of Romania ("The Oaks") and Georgia ("The Lelos"). It is named after the Metropolis of Muntenia and Dobrudja Anthim the Iberian, who was originally a Georgian.
The Antim Cup is contested each time Georgia and Romania meet in a senior international match other than World Cup matches or qualifiers. The holder retains the cup unless the challenger wins the match in normal time.
There was a motion from the Georgia Rugby Union just before the 2000 European Nations Cup decider in Tbilisi, to establish a challenge cup along the lines of the Calcutta and Bledisloe Cups to be annually played for between the Oaks and the Lelos.
It was decided that the cup should be named after Antimoz Iverieli (Georgian version) – Antim Ivireanul (Romanian version) (c 1650–1716). The Rugby Supporters' League (RML) of Georgia approached the Catholicos-Patriarch of All Georgia, Ilia II through influential go-betweens and received his blessing for the use of the name 'Antim'.
The trophy was made by Georgian sculptor and former rugby player Gia Japaridze, who cast the cup in gilded bronze.
The current holder is Georgia, who defeated Romania 25–16 on March 18, 2018 in Tbilisi.


== Previous winners ==
Romania received technical defeats for 2017 and 2018 games, because they have breached player eligibility regulations.Total wins:

Georgia: 12
Romania: 6


== See also ==
History of rugby union matches between Georgia and Romania


== References ==


== Sources ==
Trophies from rugby footballhistory.com
Barker, Clive (7 February 2007). "Antim Cup battle illustrates gulf in class". ESPN. Retrieved 5 February 2017.





Mireille Joseph (born 25 April 1955) is a Haitian sprinter. She competed in the women's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.


== References ==





Sean Hurley (1897–1961) was an Irish Sinologist who spent the years 1905 to 1915 in China. He was the first known Irishman to hold a Chinese passport.


== China ==
Born in Durrus, West Cork, Hurley began to travel in his teens then in 1905 he started with the British Customs Service in Shanghai and travelled around China until 1915. He was one of the few westerners to venture into the Sino-Russian war zone. He learned Chinese and helped to train activists loyal to Sun Yat-sen, who came to power in 1912 and honoured Hurley with gifts and a Chinese passport.


== Return to Ireland ==
He returned to Ireland in 1915, and opened two photographic studios in Dublin and later produced a silent film Land of her Fathers involving many Abbey actors including Barry Fitzgerald. It was described at the time as the most ambitious Irish film made to date.  He was later involved in establishing Aer Lingus and what was to become the IDA.
Hurley died in 1961.


== References ==
Irish Times, Hugh Oram, "Irishman's Diary", 20 August 2005
Land of Her Fathers on IMDb





Parliamentary elections were held in North Korea on 12 December 1972. Only one candidate was presented in each constituency, all of which were selected by the Workers' Party of Korea, although some ran under the banner of other parties or state organisations to give an appearance of democracy. Voter turnout was reported to be 100%, with 100% voting in favour of the candidates presented.In the first session, between 25 and 28 December 1972, the SPA approved a new constitution, put into force a presidential system, with Kim Il-sung elected as president. Main topics were "The Adoptation of the Socialist Construction and of the Presidential System" and "Let Us Further Strengthen the Socialist System of Our Country".
The election were held synchronously with the elections to the provincial, city and county people's assemblies.


== Results ==


== References ==


== External links ==
North Korean parliamentary election, 1972 at Inter-Parliamentary Union





"Funkorama" is a 1995 single by Redman. It was produced by Erick Sermon and co-produced by Rockwilder for Sermon's Insomnia compilation album. The song samples "Stick 'Em" by The Fat Boys and "Midnight" by A Tribe Called Quest. The song featured a music video with members from Redman's crew, Def Squad as well as other rappers, such as Method Man, Treach from Naughty by Nature and Q-Tip from A Tribe Called Quest.  The B-Side to the single was "Up Jump The Boogie", by The Wixtons; a group discovered by Erick Sermon.


== Track listing ==


=== A-Side ===
Funkorama (LP Version) (3:02)
Funkorama (Funk Doctor Mix) (3:02)
Funkorama (Instrumental LP Mix) (3:02)


=== B-Side ===
Funkorama (LP Version Clean) (3:02)
Funkorama (Acapella) (3:02)
Up Jump The Boogie (LP Version) (4:08)
Performed by The Wixtons
Produced by Erick Sermon





Samantha's Law is unique to the Province of Alberta, part of a Canadian Child Protection Act. Samantha Lauren Martin was born June 4, 1993 and died December 3, 2006. The circumstances of her life and death prompted legislative amendment for persons with disability.  Samantha Martin was born with Tetrasomy 18p, a rare chromosome syndrome, resulting in global developmental delays, Autism and a Seizure disorder. In 2009 the House of Commons tabled the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities recognizing December 3 as International Day of Persons with Disability.


== Background ==
Samantha Martin was in the custody of the Canadian government. She lived in a foster care facility in Alberta, Canada. On December 3, 2006, Samantha died at age 13 while a patient at Stollery Children's Hospital.The Family Support for Children with Disabilities Program, delivered through the Family Support for Children with Disabilities Act and accompanying Regulation, recognizes children with special needs as legally distinct from children in protective services under the intervention model. Government funding under that program is made available to families directly in order to prevent the need for guardianship relinquishment and out-of-home placement to achieve necessary medical supports.
The Family Support for Children with Disabilities (FSCD) program is not connected with Child Intervention Services. Both programs, however, fall under Alberta Human Services, FSCD is a distinct program with separate legislation.Upon Samantha Martin’s medical prognosis, Government Representatives instructed the family that custody must be surrendered in order to gain access to funding for necessary medical services. Tragically, Samantha Martin was not provided the supports promised and died. The Program representing children with disabilities under authority of Section 106 of the Child Welfare Act was in place until 2004. Samantha’s mother, Velvet Martin, further led a Family-Centred Care initiative to amend Policy in honour of persons with disability and their families. Persistence resulted in the establishment of "Samantha's Law" known as Section 2-3 of Family Supports for Children with Disability (FSCD) of the Child, Youth and Family Enhancement Act (CYFA).  Section 2-3 of FSCD Policy was retroactive to December 2006 marking Samantha Martin’s death. Policy and Procedures in Family Centred Supports and Services: "The Family Support for Children with Disabilities Program to have separate legislation from that of child protection services."
The premise behind Samantha’s Law is promotion of equality, honour of human rights and dignity. In the absence of abuse or neglect, loving families tasked with extraordinary developmental or medical diversity must not be grouped amongst the Child Intervention Model. Rather, families are to be supported directly with in-home supports; not be coerced into relinquishing custody - whether temporary or permanent - in effort to secure Government funding for required services.


== References and external links ==

[1]
[2]





Hemiplatytes is a genus of moths of the family Crambidae.


== Species ==
Hemiplatytes epia (Dyar, 1912)
Hemiplatytes parallela (Kearfott, 1908)
Hemiplatytes prosenes (Dyar, 1912)


== References ==





Cuzieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.


== Population ==


== See also ==
Communes of the Ain department


== References ==
INSEE





This article refers to the United States businessperson.  For other persons named Thomas Ryan, see the disambiguation page..Thomas M. Ryan is an American businessperson. He served as the president and chief executive officer of CVS/Caremark Corporation from 1998 to 2011.


== Biography ==


=== Early life ===
He received a degree in Pharmacy from the University of Rhode Island.


=== Career ===
He began working for CVS in 1978 as an in-store pharmacist. He served as its CEO from 1998 to 2011. While CEO of CVS Caremark in 2009, he earned a total compensation of $16,231,292, which included a base salary of $1,400,000, a cash bonus of $3,512,526, stocks granted of $6,425,007, and options granted of $4,625,000.He has sat on the boards of the Melville Corporation, Ryanair, TriCon Global Restaurants, Reebok, FleetBoston Financial, the Citizens Bank Of Rhode Island. He now serves on the board of directors of Bank of America, Yum! Brands, Five Below, Vantiv. He is an operating partner of Advent International.


=== Philanthropy ===
He sits on the board of trustees of his alma mater, the University of Rhode Island. The 7,657-seat Ryan Center arena on the campus of the University of Rhode Island is named for Ryan, who was the arena's principal donor. In November 2013, Ryan and his wife Cathy donated $15 million to URI, establishing the George & Anne Ryan Institute for Neuroscience. The Ryan Institute focuses on research, translational medicine, and community outreach related to neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease. It complements the university's Interdisciplinary Neuroscience Program (INP), which offers M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in Neuroscience.


== References ==





NGC 505 is a lenticular galaxy approximately 234 million light-years away from Earth in the constellation of Pisces. It was discovered by German astronomer Albert Marth on October 1, 1864.


== See also ==
Lenticular galaxy
List of NGC objects (1–1000)
Pisces


== External links ==

NGC 505 on WikiSky: DSS2, SDSS, GALEX, IRAS, Hydrogen α, X-Ray, Astrophoto, Sky Map, Articles and images
SEDS


== References ==





Patreksfjörður ("Patrick's fjord") is an Icelandic village in the Westfjords with 687 inhabitants (2017 census).
The town was named after Patrick bishop in the Hebrides who was the spiritual guide of Örlygur Hrappson, the original settler in the area who came from the Hebrides. Its economy is mainly based on its  fisheries.
Amenities include a swimming pool, bank, campsite, four guesthouses, a hotel,  two restaurants, two cafes and a gas station. In town is a hospital, police station and the town hall for the Municipality of Vesturbyggd.
Olympian Leiknir Jónsson was born here.


== Climate ==
Patreksfjörður has a tundra climate (ET).


== Transport ==
Patreksfjörður Airport is an unscheduled airport located across the fjord, nearly 5 km (3 mi) south of the town. The nearest airport with scheduled flights is Bíldudalur Airport, 36 km (22 mi) from Patreksfjörður. Eagle Air connects Bíldudalur and Reykjavik with one daily flight. There are scheduled buses from Patreksfjörður to Bíldudalur Airport. The bus also connects Patreksfjörður with nearby villages Bíldudalur and Tálknafjörður.


== References ==


== External links ==
More information and photos about Patreksfjörður on Hit Iceland





Megachile macleayi is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae. It was described by Theodore Dru Alison Cockerell in 1907.


== References ==





Thirumavalavan or  Thol. Thirumavalavan  or thol.Thirumavalavan(born 17 August 1962) is an Indian Politician and Tamil activist, Member of Parliament in 15th Lok Sabha and the current President of the Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi l party in the state of Tamil Nadu in India.  He rose to prominence in the 1990s as a Dalit leader, and entered politics in 1999.  His political platform centres on ending the caste-based oppression of the Dalits, which he argues can best be achieved through reviving and reorienting Tamil nationalism. He has also expressed support for Tamil nationalist movements and groups elsewhere, including Sri Lanka.
He did his Bachelor's course in chemistry, master's degree in Criminology and completed law at Madras Law College.He completed his Ph.D in Manonmanium Sundaranar University and awarded Doctorate on 2018.He worked in the government's Forensic Department as a scientific assistant, which he later resigned in 1999 to contest polls. He contested the 1999 and 2004 general elections unsuccessfully and won the 2009 general elections from the Chidambaram constituency. He won the 2001 state assembly elections in alliance with Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK), a post he resigned in 2004 quoting ideological differences with DMK. He has written a few books and has acted in a few Tamil movies.
His confrontation with Pattali Makkal Katchi and its leader Ramadoss has resulted in frequent clashes between Dalits and Vanniyars. Both parties accuse each other of instigating violence against the other community. Both Thirumavalavan and Ramadoss reconciled and worked together during the period of 2004 to 2009, when they were part of the same electoral alliance.


== Dalit activism ==

In 1988, when working for the government's Forensic Department in the southern city of Madurai, he met Malaichamy, the Tamil Nadu state convenor of the Dalit Panthers of India (DPI), an organisation that fought for the rights of Dalits.  The next year, following Malaichamy's death, Thirumalavan was elected the leader of the DPI.  He designed a new flag for the organisation in 1990. As part of his work, he also began visiting Dalit villages in the Madurai region, and began learning about the problems faced by Dalits.  The killing of two Dalits in 1992, he says, made him more militant. Against the background of increasing Dalit assertiveness, he emerged as one of two major Dalit leaders in Tamil Nadu, with a large base of grassroots support, particularly in the southern districts of Tamil Nadu. During early 1997, he was suspended from his government job on account of his increased political activity. He resigned from his job formally in August 1999 to contest in the 1999 Indian general elections.


== Political office ==
The DPI boycotted elections until 1999 general elections. It is unclear on why the party did not contest elections till 1999. The decision of contesting election in 1999 was considered controversial within the party. Thirumavalavan allied with G. K. Moopanar's Tamil Maanila Congress and represented the Third Front. The party contested in the Parliamentary constituencies of Chidambaram and Perambalur. Thirumavalavan contested in Chidambaram, and managed to poll 225,000 votes in his debut elections. Thirumavalavan alleged in one of his interviews on 22 February 2000 that the opposing DMK administration used National Goonda Act and National Security Act to detain cadres of his party. The phase also culminated the rivalry between Thirumavalavan's party and his competitors in the Chidambaram Constituency, the Pattali Makkal Katchi (PMK). PMK is a Vanniyar caste party that has a strong presence in the northern districts of Tamil Nadu. The election in the constituency was marked by violence from both the parties. Houses of Dalits were burnt and Dalits in the region were denied employment, while Vanniyar houses were also burnt.In 2001 state elections Viduthalai Chiruthaigal allied with the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam and contested seven seats. Since the PMK joined the AIADMK alliance, the VCK had to join the DMK led alliance. There were ideological differences in the alliance as it had BJP, which was earlier criticised by Thirumavalavan. Thirumavalavan was elected from Mangalore Constituency to State Legislative Assembly. During the 2004 general elections, he resigned his MLA post on 3 February 2004 quoting humiliation meted out by the alliance partners, especially the DMK. He also quoted that he quit as he contested in the symbol of DMK during the 2001 assembly elections. Thirumavalavan contested once again from Chidambaram in 2004 general elections, this time with Janata Dal (United) and polled 257,000 votes and lost by a low margin.During 2004, after efforts from N. Sethuraman from MMK, Thirumavalavan and Ramadoss, the leader of PMK joined hands through a Tamil protection movement named Tamil Paathukappu Iyakkam.
He joined the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) alliance in the 2006 elections to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly. His party was recognised by the Election Commission of India as a registered political party on 2 March 2006. Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi contested in nine seats in Tamil Nadu and 2 seats in Pondicherry. The party won two of them, namely Durai Ravikumar from Kattumannarkoil, and Selvaperunthagai from Mangalore constituency. The alliance with ADMK broke in 2006, when he started allying with the DMK. His party contested in the local bodies elections in DMK alliance in 2006 and won five chairman to various municipalities. In the 2009 general election, Thirumavalavan allied with DMK and was elected to Parliament from the Chidhambaram Lok Sabha constituency in his third attempt.


=== Elections contested and positions held ===
2001: Elected to Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly for the first time.
May 2009: Elected to Lok Sabha (fifteenth) for the first time
31 August 2009:Member of committee on commerce and member of consultative committee on ministry of social justice and empowerment.


== Political views ==
Thirumalavan's politics are grounded in a retheorisation of Tamil nationalism, which seeks to turn it into a force for the elimination of the caste system. Oppression of Dalits, he says, is institutionalised in India, including Tamil Nadu.  Although the Dravidian parties which dominate the politics of Tamil Nadu are ideologically committed to the eradication of the caste system, Thirumavalavan argues that they have in practice drifted away from the original ideals of the Dravidian movement.  Their policies, he says, have mainly benefitted the middle castes, and had actually led to an increase in the oppression of Dalits, with the middle castes replacing the Brahmins as the oppressor.  Dalits cannot and should not expect much help from the Dravidian parties. The solution, according to Thirumavalavan, lies in Tamil nationalism.  Caste oppression, he says, can only be ended by building resistance from below, through appealing to Tamil sentiments, as happened in the early days of the Dravidian movement under Periyar E. V. Ramasamy. If a properly Tamil government is formed in Tamil Nadu, he says, caste oppression will immediately disappear.Thirumalavan is also a staunch critic of Hindu nationalism and, in particular, Hindutva.  Hindutva, to Thirumavalavan, is the essence of the oppressive Indian state. Hindutva, he argues, has through religion worked to homogenise Tamil society with that of northern India.  This, he says, has led to Tamil losing its identity. Ethnic Tamil nationalism, in his view, is essential to combat Hindutva.Thirumavalavan's views on the importance of the Tamil identity have also led him to strongly support Tamil secessionist groups in Sri Lanka, including the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam, a militant secessionist group who are formally banned as a terrorist organisation in India. He has criticised India for assisting the Sri Lankan army during the Sri Lankan military operations against the LTTE in 2008 and 2009, and has called upon the government of Tamil Nadu to take steps to safeguard the Tamils of Sri Lanka. On 15 January 2009 he started a hunger fast near Chennai (Maraimalai Adigal Nagar) for the cause of Sri Lankan Tamils. After four days, on 19 January he called off the fast, saying that it had had no effect on the Indian government, and calling for a hartal in its place. He was a part of the 10 member MP team that visited the war affected areas and transitional centres in Vavuniya on 11 October 2009. The delegation visited various part of Jaffna district and had a meeting at the Jaffna public library.


== Literature and popular culture ==
Thiruma's books in Tamil include Aththumeeru (Transgress), Tamizhargal Hindukkala? (Are the Tamils, Hindus?), Eelam Enral Puligal, Puligal Enral Eelam (Eelam means Tigers, Tigers means Eelam), Hindutuvathai Veraruppom (We Shall Uproot Hindutva), Saadhiya Sandharpavaadha Aniyai Veezhtuvom (We Shall Defeat the Casteist Opportunist Alliance). Two of his books have been published in English by Stree-Samya Books, Kolkata: Talisman: Extreme Emotions of Dalit Liberation (political essays written for 34 weeks in the India Today magazine's Tamil edition) and Uproot Hindutva: The Fiery Voice of the Liberation Panthers (contains 12 of his speeches). In 2018,He released a book 'Amaipai Thiralvom' based on his political experiences which received warm welcome, positive reviews and also criticism from various Intellectual sourcesThirumavalavan had a guest appearance as a Tamil militant leader in Sri Lanka in his first film 'Anbu Thozhi' (Lady Love), directed by L. G. Ravichandran. Thirumavalavan has since been cast in the leading role of a film titled Kalaham (Mutiny). He plays the character of Balasingham, a law college professor, which is being directed by Mu Kalanchiyam. This will be his second film. He also made a cameo appearance in Mansoor Ali Khan's Ennai Paar Yogam Varum.


== Controversies ==
In 2003, A former close associate of Dalit leader Thirumavalavan, has accused the DPI convenor of receiving huge funds from Christian Missionaries in India and abroad and that he was opposing the anti-conversion law brought in by the Tamil Nadu government only because of that.
Thirumavalavan, being the leader of a caste centred party, is often alleged to have instigated caste violence in Tamil Nadu. In the northern districts of Tamil Nadu with a Vanniyar majority, there are frequent clashes between Dalits and Vanniyars. During 1999 general elections, there was intense violence in the region with casualties in both sides. Thirumavalavan accused Pattali Makkal Katchi, a Vanniyar caste based party and its founder Ramadoss of instigating violence among the Vanniyars that result in the attack of Dalits. While Ramadoss alleges that Thirumavalavan encourages his party men to have sham inter-caste love marriage, Thirumavalavan accuses Ramadoss of showing caste superiority and instigating violence against Dalits. Both Thirumavalavan and Ramadoss reconciled and worked together during the period of 2004 to 2009, when they were part of the same electoral alliance. After 2009, when PMK split out of the DMK combine, the mutual confrontation started again.
During December 2012, Ramadoss formed an all community safeguard forum comprising 51 intermediate castes. He said he would not have any further alliance with Thirumavalavan and his party. He alleged that the Dalits take undue advantage over other communities using the SC/ST Prevention of Atrocities Act and the Act should be abolished.
During April 2013, after the party conference of PMK in Mahabalipuram, there were widespread attacks on the Dalits in Dharmapuri district that resulted in two Dalits being killed. Both PMK and VCK accused each other for the mishap, but Ramadoss was arrested after the orders from the state government for the hate speech and damages to the state property during the violence. Thirumavalavan accused Ramadoss that his loss in the electoral base after the 2009 general elections and 2011 assembly elections has resulted in his going back to instigating caste violence.The BSP was floated in Tamil Nadu in December 2008 with the same ideology as in Uttar Pradesh to unite the Dalits and Brahmins. Some of the prominent members of VCK like Selvaperunthagai, who was a MLA in Mangalore constituency, joined BSP. Thirumavalavan, in his response, claimed that the BSP is no threat to VCK vote bank and that the BSP has dumped the principles of Ambedkar, Kanshi Ram and Periyar. Some of the senior journalists also believed that BSP will not have a firm hold in Tamil Nadu to garner the 19% Dalit vote bank in Tamil Nadu as it did in Uttar Pradesh, as the vote bank is already split by the VCK and Puthia Tamizhagam party.The VCK, in a plan to start a television channel, asked the party men to donate gold on the occasion of the 50th birthday of Thirumavalavan. There were also Thulabaram type of functions where equal weight of Thirmavalavan was donated. This was subject to wider criticism, drawing parallels with the exotic celebrations organised by Mayawati, the leader of BSP in Uttar Pradesh. Thirumavalavan clarified that the idea was to collect donations for the party and that his party did not enjoy support from rich people as with the case of other parties. As of 4 October 2012, the party got 10 kg (22 lb) of gold from seven centres that included Puducherry that had 1.5 kg (3.3 lb).


== Notes ==


== References ==
Bhūẏām̐, Dāśarathi (2007). Role of Regional Political Parties in India. ISBN 9788183241915.
Wyatt, Andrew (2009). Party System Change in South India: Political Entrepreneurs, Patterns and Processes. Routledge. ISBN 9780203862209.


== External links ==
Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi
Thirumavalavan elected VCK president
Thirumavalavan not to contest polls
Thirumavalavan invites minorities





Pochak (Persian: پچك‎; also known as Poj and Pojak) is a village in Piveshk Rural District, Lirdaf District, Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 442, in 106 families.


== References ==





Events in the year 2018 in Sudan.


== Incumbents ==
President: Omar al-Bashir
Prime Minister: Bakri Hassan Saleh
Vice President: Bakri Hassan Saleh (first), Hassabu Mohamed Abdalrahman (second)


== Events ==


=== Sport ===
3 February – Football: season start of the 2018 Sudan Premier League


== Deaths ==

5 January – Vincent Mojwok Nyiker, Roman Catholic prelate, Bishop of Malakal (b. 1933).July – Fatima Abdel Mahmoud, politician (b. 1945).18 October – Abdel Rahman Swar al-Dahab, military officer and politician, President 1985–1986 (born 1934).


== References ==





Matthew Goodgame (born c.1980) is a professional actor, singer and dancer from Kent.
He made his professional and West End debut in November 2004 playing Billy Flynn in Chicago at the Adelphi Theatre, after winning the Channel 4 series Musicality. Goodgame went on to record his debut album Musicality - The Winners Album with EMI. Since then Goodgame has reprised the role of Billy Flynn on visits to both Singapore and Las Vegas, with the Cellophane Company. Goodgame was asked to perform at Stephen Sondheim's 75th Birthday Gala at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, and also at Gordon Ramsay's 40th Birthday celebrations. 
Goodgame spent eight months out of the country performing as the lead production vocalist for Costa Cruise Lines, in the Caribbean and Europe, and on his return to the UK played the lead role of Jack in the workshop of a new musical, Waiting for the Dawn at the Arts Theatre, London.
Matthew Goodgame has performed in the German tour of Cats, playing the lead role of Munkustrap.
Matthew Goodgame starred in The Thorn Birds (A New Musical), playing the lead role of Father Ralph de Bricassart, which Richard Chamberlain played in the iconic television miniseries. It was the concluding production of Wales Theatre Company under the direction of Michael Bogdanov.
Goodgame has just finished playing Steven Kodaly in 'She Loves Me' at the Chichester Festival Theatre, after playing the role of Danny Zuko in the West End production of GREASE The Musical. Matthew closed the West End Production of Grease.
He recently created a Glamorous Trio called THE SPINETTES (http://www.thespinettes.co.uk) and is Managing them as they break through into the Entertainment industry.
In 2016 Goodgame performed in Funny Girl at the Savoy Theatre, playing the role of Director/Paul/Renaldi and covering Nick Arnstein.
In 2018 Goodgame joined the UK cast of 42nd Street, performing as Pat Denning.


== References ==


== External links ==
Matthew Goodgame at Channel 4's Musicality web site
Matthew Goodgame at Grease The Musical Website





Lion-Feuchtwanger-Preis is a German literary prize for historical prose.   It is awarded by the Academy of Arts, Berlin on 7 July, the anniversary of his birthday.   It was endowed by Marta Feuchtwanger, the widow of Lion Feuchtwanger.  It was awarded annually between 1971 and 1992.   Subsequently it has been awarded less regularly.   The prize is worth €7,500 to the winner, whose identity is determined by a jury of three members.


== Past winners ==
1971: Hans Lorbeer
1972: Franz Fühmann
1973: Hedda Zinner
1974: Christa Johannsen
1975: Heinz Kamnitzer
1976: Rosemarie Schuder
1977: (none)
1978: Waldtraut Lewin
1979: Gerhard W. Menzel
1980: Jan Koplowitz
1981: Günter de Bruyn
1982: Heinz Bergschicker
1983: Gerhard Scheibner
1984: Kurt David
1985: Volker Ebersbach
1986: Heinz Knobloch
1987: Sigrid Damm
1988: Eckart Krumbholz
1989: Walter Beltz
1990: Horst Drescher
1991: Brigitte Struzyk
1992: Peter Härtling1998: Eckart Kleßmann
2000: Michael Kleeberg
2002: Robert Menasse
2004: Edgar Hilsenrath
2009: Reinhard Jirgl





Honey Night (Macedonian: Медена ноќ) is a 2015 Macedonian drama film directed by Ivo Trajkov. The film was selected as the Macedonian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 88th Academy Awards but it was not nominated.


== Cast ==
Nikola Ristanovski as Nikola
Verica Nedeska as Anna
Igor Angelov as Andov
Boris Damovski as Boris Pasternak
Nina Janković as Nina
Sabina Ajrula as Cveta


== See also ==
List of submissions to the 88th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Macedonian submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film


== References ==


== External links ==
Honey Night on IMDb





Teresa Cheng Yeuk-wah  (Chinese: 鄭若驊; born 11 November 1958) is a Hong Kong Senior Counsel, arbitrator and politician. She has been the Secretary for Justice of Hong Kong since 6 January 2018. She was also the chairperson of the Financial Dispute Resolution Centre, the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre (HKIAC) and vice-president of the International Council of Commercial Arbitration (ICCA).


== Academic and legal career ==
Cheng graduated from the King's College London with the Bachelor of Science in Engineering and the University of London with the Bachelor of Laws. She was called to the Bar in England and Wales and Hong Kong in 1987 and in New South Wales, Australia in 1990, before Singapore in 1995. She was called to the Hong Kong Inner Bar in 2000. She has then been practising at the Des Voeux Chambers, specialising in construction, international commercial transactions, joint venture contracts and investment arbitration, international arbitration and mediation. She has also sat as a Deputy Judge in the Court of First Instance of the High Court of Hong Kong.Cheng also holds several academic positions. She is a Fellow of King's College London, previously an honorary and visiting professor of the China University of Political Science and Law and the course director of the International Arbitration and Dispute Settlement Course at the School of Law, Tsinghua University and Adjunct Professor with the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. Cheng co-authored numerous books and articles, including "Construction Law and Practice in Hong Kong" and "Arbitration in Hong Kong: A Practical Guide", published by Sweet & Maxwell, and papers in the "International Council for Commercial Arbitration Congress Series", published by Kluwer Law International.


== Public career ==
She has been appointed in various positions, previously serving as the chairperson for the Provisional Minimum Wage Commission, Transport Advisory Committee, Town Planning Appeal Board, Environmental Impact Assessment Appeal Board Panel, the Appeal Tribunal (Buildings) Panel and the Copyright Tribunal among others. She is the current chairperson of the Financial Dispute Resolution Centre and Air Transport Licensing Authority and a member of the Construction Industry Council and two Working Groups on Mediation in Hong Kong.She is also the chairperson of the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre (HKIAC) and vice-president of the International Council of Commercial Arbitration (ICCA). She was the first Asian woman to be elected as president of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators (CIArb). In 2006 and 2011, she was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star and Gold Bauhinia Star by the Chief executive Donald Tsang in recognition of her public service.On 5 January 2018, Chief executive Carrie Lam announced her appointment as the Secretary for Justice with effect from the following day, succeeding the retiring Rimsky Yuen.


== Illegal structures controversy ==
Ming Pao and Apple Daily revealed on 5 January 2018, just before Cheng was due to take office, that there was an extra staircase seemingly leading to illegal structures in her residence at Villa de Mer, Siu Lam, Tuen Mun. She apologised for the "inconvenience caused" by the illegal structures, admitting it was illegal but arguing that the basements and rooftop structures in question on both properties existed before she bought the residence. Lawrence Lok Ying-kam SC asked Cheng to consider her resignation. Further reports, confirmed by Buildings Department inspectors, revealed that there were ten unauthorised extensions, including the basements and the rooftop structures, on Cheng's residence and an adjacent property belonging to her husband, Otto Poon Lok-to. It emerged in the media reports in the following days that a mortgage deed Cheng signed with the bank for the house did not mention the basement.In December 2018, the Buildings Department announced three units with problematic structures of the Cheng's properties "had been corrected" and Cheng would not be prosecuted over illegal structures but they would only charge Cheng’s engineer husband Otto Poon over suspected unauthorised structures at their homes in Tuen Mun.


== UGL case controversy ==
On 12 December 2018, the Department of Justice also issued a statement claiming there was "insufficient evidence to support a reasonable prospect of conviction" against former Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying for any criminal offence over Leung's receipt of HK$50 million from Australian engineering firm UGL. Many critics, including former Director of Public Prosecutions Grenville Cross, said he found it "very surprising" that no independent legal advice was sought on Leung’s case and urged the Secretary for Justice to explain. "For many years, this has been the invariable practice whenever a senior government official has been suspected of a criminal offence," Cross said. The Democratic Party also considered asking for a judicial review of the Department of Justice’s decision.Hundreds of protesters demonstrated against the government's decision on 23 December. Cheng, who was under fire and demanded a more detailed explanation kept silence for two weeks until Cheng returned from her leave on 26 December. She dismissed suggestions that she had been on official leave since 15 December to avoid facing the public "spurious". She also argued the issues were being "politicised". She rejected the need to give further explanations on the Leung case, including of whether she was personally involved in the decision not to prosecute Leung, and also rejected the Bar Association's call to delegate prosecution decisions to the top prosecutor.Her popular ratings fell to a new low among senior officials, according to two new polls conducted by the University of Hong Kong and Chinese University of Hong Kong. The opposition pro-democrats mounted a no-confidence motion, tabled by Dennis Kwok, against Cheng. Cheng survived with the no-confidence motion with the support of the pro-Beijing legislators.


== Personal life ==
Cheng is married to engineer Otto Poon Lok-to, former president of the Hong Kong Institution of Engineers. Their relationship was unknown to the public until she admitted to the public after the media widely reported the "illegal structures" of her residence next to Poon's.


== See also ==
Henry Tang illegal basement controversy


== References ==





The Greater Tacoma Convention Center, is a convention center in downtown Tacoma, in the U.S. state of Washington.  It opened in November 2004 and has been described as the "second largest meeting and event facility in Western Washington". It was designed by MulvannyG2 Architecture, of Bellevue, Washington.Located at 1500 Commerce, the center has over 118,000 square feet (11,000 m2) of meeting and usable prefunction space which includes a 50,000 sq ft (4,600 m2), column-free exhibition hall, a 13,650 sq ft (1,268 m2) ballroom, and eleven breakout rooms in varying sizes. There are 400 parking spaces on-site. The convention center is also served by Tacoma Link at the Convention Center/S. 15th Street station. Buses operated by Pierce Transit also serve the convention center, with stops on nearby Pacific Avenue, as well as on Market Street and on 13th Street.
In September 2010, the Greater Tacoma Convention Center added Commerce Room, a meeting space adding over 1,800 square feet (170 m2) to the center. The Commerce Room can be used by convention groups as an additional breakout room or on its own  for smaller events with a capacity for 180 people.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website





The Hague Jazz is an annual jazz festival held since 2006 in the World Forum Convention Center in The Hague. The festival was first organized in 2006 after the North Sea Jazz festival moved to Rotterdam in the same year. The Hague Jazz is partnered with the Cape Town International Jazz Festival. The festival has been held in the Kyocera Stadium since 2011.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website





Frank Aydelott Rooke, known professionally as Frank A. Rooke, was a New York City architect who established his practice in 1887, and pursued his career until the mid-1930s. He was long associated with the Sheffield Farms dairy company, for which he designed four pioneering pasteurization and bottling plants. He also designed stables and carriage houses.


== Early career ==
Rooke was born in 1862 in Rye, New York, and opened an office at 1262 Broadway in Manhattan in 1887.:2 That year he designed a building combining a store, a stable, and apartments for Loton Horton of the Horton Ice Cream Co., at 371 Amsterdam Avenue, in the Upper West Side–Central Park West Historic District (designated by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission). In 1888 Rooke formed a partnership with architect Paul F. Riggs. They designed a Flemish/Romanesque Revival style apartment building in 1889–90 at 373–375 Amsterdam Avenue adjacent to Rooke's 1887 building, also commissioned by Horton.:132–33Higgs & Rooke designed a row of seven houses built in 1889 at 669–681 10th Street in what is now the Park Slope Historic District in Brooklyn, and in Manhattan a pair of houses on West 92nd Street, a single house on West 77th Street, and a pair on West 147th Street, all built in 1890. In 1892 Rooke, again in private practice, designed the Claremont Stables, and adjacent private stables at 167, 169, and 171 West 89th Street.


== Sheffield Farms ==

Rooke pioneered the design of large-scale milk plants, for the Sheffield Farms–Slawson–Decker Company (aka Sheffield Farms), which was established in 1902 with Loton Horton as its president and which was at the forefront of the dairy business in the early 20th century. In 1903 Rooke designed a stable and milk depot for the company, at the southwest corner of Broadway and 130th Street in Manhattan (now demolished).:§8:3–4In 1907, Sheffield Farms erected its first pasteurization and bottling plant, at 524–528 West 57th Street, to Rooke's design. It was the first large-scale pasteurization plant, with the first continuous holding system of pasteurization, in the country. In 1909 Rooke designed a four-story addition to the 1903 stable, giving it an electric freight elevator and a new facade topped with a Mansard roof.In 1911 the company erected its second plant, also to Rooke's design. At 632 West 125th Street, the former plant stands today as Columbia University's Prentis Hall, home of the Computer Music Center. It features a glazed white terracotta façade, and the interior retains the original Guastavino tile vaulted ceiling.:§8:5Rooke designed a third Sheffield Farms Milk Plant, which opened in 1914 at 1075 Webster Avenue at 166th Street in the Bronx (now demolished). It was one of the most expensive and elaborate milk plants, with one of the largest processing capacities, in the country. The following year a company publication described Rooke as the "Company Architect".:3 In 1917 Sheffield Farms completed another plant designed by Rooke, at 1368 Fulton Street in Brooklyn, at Marcy Avenue, in the Bedford–Stuyvesant section; it was advertised as the largest in New York. Like the Bronx plant, it has a glazed terracotta facade ornamented with reliefs of milk bottles and cow heads. Sheffield closed this plant in the early 1960s, a time of civil unrest there with gang wars and riots, and the plant remained empty several years before a  new non-profit, the Bedford Stuyvesant Restoration Corporation, turned the plant into the Billie Holiday Theatre, which opened in 1972.


== Other work ==
In 1906 Rooke incorporated dairy-plant features, like enameled brick walls, into plans for two structures at a private residence in Rye, New York; he designed a Classical Revival Carriage House as well as a unique Zebra Barn for financier Warner M. Van Norden. Both buildings are extant and undergoing restoration at the Jay Heritage Center.In 1912 Rooke designed an alteration to the Mount Morris Bank Building in Harlem. Rooke's last known commissions were an alteration to a four-story commercial building at 130 West 45th Street in 1934,:3 and a 1934–36 alteration of the one-story 433 W. 127th Street to three stories for the Horton Pilsener Company.  Sheffield Farms replaced Rooke's 57th Street plant in 1937 with a massive new milk plant designed by a different architectural firm. :3Rooke died in 1946.


== References ==





Parc de Gerland (pronounced [paʁk də ʒəʁlɑ̃nd]), also called Parc du Confluent, is a large greenspace in Lyon situated on a former industrial site in the south of the city near the confluence of the Rhône and the Saone. Construction began in 1996, and the park was developed over an area of 80 hectares (200 acres). The initial two phases of construction concluded in 2000 and 2006, and were carried out by landscape architect Michel Corajoud. The project was managed by Grand Lyon.
The park includes several playgrounds, a skatepark and a botanical garden. It is situated next to the Stade de Gerland, and was used during the French archery championship finals in 2007 and 2012.


== See also ==

Parc de la Tête d'or
Parc de Parilly
Parc Sergent Blandan
Parks in Lyon


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website (in French)
Grand Lyon official website for Parc de Gerland (in French)





Pteronisculus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Early Triassic epoch.


== See also ==

Prehistoric fish
List of prehistoric bony fish


== References ==





The North East Liberties of Coleraine (named after Coleraine town) is a barony in County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. It borders the north-Londonderry coastline, and is bordered by three other baronies: Coleraine to the west; Dunluce Lower to the north-east; Dunluce Upper to the south-east. The North East Liberties of Coleraine formed the north-western part of the medieval territory known as the Route.


== History ==


== List of major settlements ==
Coleraine (east of the River Bann)
Portstewart


== List of civil parishes ==
Below is a list of civil parishes in the North East Liberties of Coleraine:
Ballyaghran
Ballymoney (also partly in baronies of Dunluce Upper and Kilconway in County Antrim)
Ballywillan (split with barony of Dunluce Lower)
Ballyrashane (also partly in barony of Dunluce Lower)
Coleraine
Kildollagh


== References ==





Shervin Pishevar (born 1974) is an Iranian-American entrepreneur, venture capitalist, super angel investor, and philanthropist. He is the co-founder and former executive chairman of Hyperloop One and a co-founder and managing director of Sherpa Capital, a venture capital fund which has invested in companies including Airbnb, Uber, and Munchery.As an angel investor, Pishevar has seeded more than 60 companies. He was previously a managing director at Menlo Ventures, where he led investments in Warby Parker, Tumblr, Machine Zone, and Uber Series B.  He is a strategic advisor to Uber, and served as a board observer to the company from 2011 to 2015. He founded and operated technology-enabled companies including webs.com, WebOS, SGN, HyperOffice.Beginning in 2011, he served a two-year term as a member of the 10 person UN Foundation's Global Entrepreneurs Council. He was chosen by the U.S. Government as an Outstanding American by Choice in 2012, and in 2015 he was appointed by Barack Obama to the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship Board. As an American citizen of Iranian descent, Pishevar was awarded an Ellis Island Medal of Honor in 2016.


== Early life and education ==
Shervin Pishevar was born in Tehran, Iran, the son of Abraham Pishevar, a television and radio executive, and Eshrat (Kordary) Pishevar. Abraham Pishevar moved to the United States after he was placed on Ayatollah Khomeini's execution list for broadcasting instructions on leaving Iran for foreign nationals. He became a cab driver in Silver Spring, Maryland, where he was joined by his family 18 months later. While driving the cab, Abraham Pishevar, who already held a Master's degree, studied for and received a Ph.D. in Mass Communication at Howard University.Encouraged by his parents to pursue a career in medicine, Pishevar attended Montgomery Blair High School, a math and science magnet school. As a junior at the school, he won an election to become a student member of the Montgomery County Board of Education, where he pushed to create a $10 education tax to county taxpayers and donate student projects from auto mechanics and woodworking classes to charity. As a science project, he began researching Magainin peptides, and later, while majoring in molecular cellular biology at UC Berkeley, he received a Presidential Fellowship to continue the study. In 1996, he co-authored an article in Journal of the American Medicine Society which helped lead to the Istanbul Protocol, the first set of international guidelines for documentation of torture.As a senior at Berkeley, Pishevar founded and served as editor-in-chief of Berkeley Scientific, the first peer-reviewed undergraduate research journal in the United States. He completed more than a year of graduate courses in health economics at the Berkeley School of Public Health.


== Career ==


=== 1997–2004 ===
Rather than go into a medical profession, Pishevar decided to become an entrepreneur and at 23 founded WebOS, the first company to create cross-browser windows-like interfaces for the internet, establishing the concept of a Web-based operating system. In a 1999 article in the Financial Times, Pishevar called WebOS "disruptive technology", and predicted that it would change the dominant distribution of channels for software. In the same article, Pishevar was described as "Bill Gates' worst nightmare". Pishevar served as the company's CEO until 2001, when the company was dissolved. He and a co-founder retained the software which became HyperOffice.In 2001, Pishevar co-founded and served as a director of Seges Capital, an offshoot of the Vanderbilt University Technology Company (VUTC), the venture arm of Vanderbilt University's $2.5 billion endowment fund. In addition to fundraising for Seges, Pishevar helped manage 17 investments in early-stage companies. Also in 2001, Pishevar co-founded Ionside Interactive, and served as the company's president, director, and head of product, business development and sales. Creating an advanced 3D graphics and AI engine for the Pocket PC, Pishevar led the product development on several software titles. Additionally, Pishevar co-founded Application Corporation, which created the HyperOffice messaging and groupware suite.


=== 2005–2012 ===
In 2005, Pishevar was named founding president, COO, and board member for Webs Inc. (formerly Freewebs). Raising $12m for the company from Novak Biddle and Columbia Capital, Webs became one of the largest social publishing communities. Pishevar resigned his position at Webs to run SGN in 2008 and continued to serve on the company's board of directors until 2012.Pishevar co-founded and served as the CEO of the Social Gaming Network (SGN) which was spun out of Webs in 2008. That same year, the company raised $15 million in Series A funding from investors including Greylock Capital Management, Founders Fund, Bezos Expeditions, Columbia Capital and Novak Biddle Venture Partners and raised a total of $18 million in funding before being acquired by MindJolt in 2011. At the time of the acquisition, Pishevar served as an executive chairman of SGN.In 2010, he was appointed chief application officer and GM at Mozilla Corporation.In 2011, Pishevar joined Menlo Ventures, a venture capital fund with over $4 billion under management, as a managing director. He led the fund's $26 million Series B Uber investment and became a board observer with the company in 2011. During his tenure with the company, he focused on social, consumer internet, and mobile areas, and served on the board or worked closely with companies including Machine Zone, Fab, and Warby Parker, and led Menlo's investment in Tumblr. Pishevar also helped launch the Menlo Talent Fund, a $20 million seed fund which invested in more than 35 seed stage companies.


=== 2013–present ===


==== Sherpa Capital ====
In 2013, Pishevar left his role as managing director at Menlo Ventures but remained as a venture advisor to the fund. After leaving the fund, he founded Sherpa Capital with Scott Stanford, formerly the co-head of Goldman Sachs' Global Internet Investment Banking division. The fund was created to serve as a venture capital company as well as an incubator and start-up advisory. The fund participated in its first investment in July 2013, when it co-led funding for the San Francisco-based BackOps, a SaaS provider for human resources, sales, finance and other back-office positions. The founders made additional investments and built a portfolio of investments with their private capital before seeking investors in the fund.Sherpa closed a $154 million fund to back start-ups focused on consumer technology in July 2014. In July 2016, the company announced that it had raised $470 million for two new funds, Sherpa Ventures II, focused on early-stage investments and Sherpa Everest, a mid-stage fund. As of July 2017, investors had put nearly $640 million into Sherpa. In October 2017, it was reported that the company planned to raise $400 million for a new fund while it expanded its Silicon Foundry (formerly Sherpa Foundry) initiative to connect startups with larger companies. Sherpa Capital investments have also  included Uber, Airbnb, Munchery, ipsy, Shyp, Stance, Rent the Runway, Beepi, PillPack, Doctor on Demand, and Cue Health, among others.


==== Uber ====
After departing Menlo Ventures in 2013, Pishevar joined Uber as a strategic advisor, and continued to serve as a board observer until 2015. As an Uber advisor and investor, Pishevar supported former Uber CEO Travis Kalanick. In August 2017, Pishevar and other investors formed the Uber Shareholder Alliance to remove Benchmark off of Uber's board of directors after the venture capital firm filed a lawsuit against Kalanick. Later that month, Pishevar and another Uber investor, Steve Russell, filed a motion to get the case against Kalanick dismissed and sent a letter to Benchmark accusing the it of violating its fiduciary duty as an investor of Uber and using a controversy to take control of the Uber's board. The case with Benchmark was eventually sent to arbitration by a Delaware judge.In October 2017, the Uber board voted to reduce the power of investors with Class B common stocks, Pishevar called the move illegal and said the move affected the shareholder rights of more than 200 Uber employees and advisors.


==== Virgin Hyperloop One ====
In 2014, Pishevar responded to Elon Musk's challenge to build a hyperloop, which Musk presented in a whitepaper titled Hyperloop Alpha. In late 2014, Pishevar and Brogan BamBrogan co-founded Hyperloop One, formerly Hyperloop Technologies. Sherpa Capital led the first investment round for the company, raising $37 million. BamBrogan exited the company in July 2016.In October 2017, the Richard Branson led Virgin Group invested in Hyperloop One, as part of the investment the company was rebranded as Virgin Hyperloop One. In December 2017, Branson took control of the company after Pishevar resigned from both Virgin Hyperloop One and Sherpa Capital, after multiple women accused Pishevar of sexual misconduct including sexual harassment and unwelcome advances. Pishevar said he would be using the time off to investigate and pursue a legal case against the people who have instigated a smear campaign and the spreading of false allegations against his reputation.


=== Angel/seed investments ===
As an angel/seed investor, Pishevar has invested in over 60 companies, including Aardvark, CabanaApp (sold to Twitter), Dollar Shave Club (sold to Unilever), Cherry (sold to Lyft), Gowalla, Milo (sold to eBay), Kissmetrics, Klout, LikeALittle, RapGenius, Rapportive (sold to Linkedin), Rixty, SolveMedia, Taskrabbit, Tello, Postmates, Votizen and Qwiki.


== Activism ==
On January 27, 2011, following the Egyptian government's shutdown of the internet, Pishevar initiated the Open Mesh Project when he called for help create software that could turn laptops into low-cost Internet routers to form a 'mesh network'. That same year, he travelled to Egypt to see the Arab Spring protests.In the United States, Pishevar has also been an advocate of the Startup Visa Act, which would create a new type of two-year visa available to immigrant entrepreneurs. In 2016, Pishevar proposed a mobile app that could share information between police officers and citizens during traffic stops before officers approached a stopped car in order to reduce the number of police shootings, and reduce the necessity of face-to-face contact for traffic stops.


== Political fundraising ==
He was a top fundraiser for both of Obama's presidential campaigns. In April 2016, a fundraising event to benefit Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign was hosted by George and Amal Clooney at Pishevar's home.
Following the results of the United States presidential election in 2016, it was reported that Pishevar publicly expressed support for a California independence movement and secession from the United States. He later clarified his position on the subject, stating that he envisioned a movement where California would exert more influence on national politics, and that he did not believe in secession.


== Allegations ==
On May 27, 2017, Pishevar was detained by the City of London Police after a woman alleged that she had been raped. He was questioned and released under investigation. City Police closed the investigation after a few weeks, citing a lack of evidence, Pishevar was cleared and "de-arrested" in July 2017. Following the incident, a forged police report was circulated to several journalists prompting Pishevar to secure a gag order injunction at the High Court of Justice, forbidding the British press (but not press in other jurisdictions) from reporting his name in connection with the arrest. The injunction was lifted in mid-November, and the City of London Police announced that they would investigate the source of the report.As a result of the release of the forged police report, Pishevar claimed he was being targeted by a smear campaign. He filed suit at the San Francisco County Superior Court against Washington, D.C.-based political opposition research firm Definers Public Affairs, accusing them of contacting reporters to spread false rumours, including that Pishevar was a Russian agent, that he had embezzled investors' money from Uber and that he had paid off his accuser to settle the rape claim. The suit also names Jill Hazelbaker, senior vice president of Global Policy and Communications at Uber and former political operative, without accusing her of complicity in the alleged smear campaign. Pishevar dismissed the lawsuit against Definers in February 2018, and stated that he intended to continue focusing his efforts on finding the people responsible for the forged London Police report.


== Awards and recognition ==
Pishevar was a keynote speaker at President Obama's Summit on Entrepreneurship in Algeria, and was a member of the Technology, Media and Telecommunications policy working group that helped create the Obama Technology and Innovation Plan in 2008. From 2011 to 2013, he is one of 10 members of the United Nations Foundation's Global Entrepreneurs Council. During his tenure with the council, he helped to create the UN's first mobile application. In 2012, he was chosen by the United States government as an "Outstanding American by Choice," an award which recognizes the achievements of naturalized Americans. Pishevar was one the 15 leaders in technology who met with President Obama in 2013 to address issues including unauthorized intelligence disclosures, HealthCare.gov, and the US government's information technology. He was Entrepreneurial Ambassador on several United States Department of State delegations.In 2015, he was appointed by Obama to the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship Board. Pishevar was awarded an Ellis Island Medal of Honor in 2016.
In 2017, Pishevar was named to the Forbes Midas List for the fourth consecutive year.


== Philanthropy ==
While attending University of California, Berkeley, Pishevar volunteered in the emergency room at a children's hospital, he also contacted the writer of a New York Times article in 1994, to see how he could help a Bosnian children's clinic doctor that was mentioned in a story about the Bosnian War. Throughout his professional career, he has been involved with several other charities and has dedicated time to travel to Africa and volunteer with Invisible Children and charity: water. He has also been active with the Bay Area Boys & Girls Clubs of America and served on the boards of Illuminate the Arts and BUILD.Pishevar co-founded the organization 1% of Nothing with Matt Galligan, Michael Birch and Scott Harrison in 2011, with the goal of connecting startups and their founders to various causes.
In 2013, he created the Cyrus Prize (named after Cyrus the Great), a $100,000 grant paid out over 3 years for Iranian inventors.


== Personal life ==
Pishevar has two children, Cyrus and Darya, whom he has raised as a single father.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website





